The Fulton County Grand Jury said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced `` no evidence '' that any irregularities took place .
However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' .
The City Purchasing Department , the jury said , `` is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies '' .
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' .
`` This is one of the major items in the Fulton County general assistance program '' , the jury said , but the State Welfare Department `` has seen fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the state with the exception of Fulton County , which receives none of this money .
Nevertheless , `` we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds '' , the jurors said .
`` Failure to do this will continue to place a disproportionate burden '' on Fulton taxpayers .
Wards protected
The jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations '' of two previous grand juries , the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee .
Ask jail deputies
Fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable '' pension plan for city employes .
Mayor William B. Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife , Pearl Williams Hartsfield , in Fulton Superior Court Friday .
The couple was married Aug. 2 , 1913 .
It listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as Opelika , Ala. .
The Hartsfield home is at 637 E. Pelham Rd. Aj .
His political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923 .
He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr. , who became a candidate in the Sept. 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection .
Robert Snodgrass , state GOP chairman , said a meeting held Tuesday night in Blue Ridge brought enthusiastic responses from the audience .
In the Blue Ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters .
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no dissents .
The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1
Sam Caldwell , State Highway Department public relations director , resigned Tuesday to work for Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's campaign .
He will be succeeded by Rob Ledford of Gainesville , who has been an assistant more than three years .
When the gubernatorial campaign starts , Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd .
The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly .
Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made .
Gov. Vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward adjournment .
A Highway Department source said there also is a plan there to issue some $3 million to $4 million worth of Rural Roads Authority bonds for rural road construction work .
The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities .
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. Marvin Griffin .
The Highway Department source told The Constitution , however , that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds .
While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out , Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31 .
A similar resolution passed in the Senate by a vote of 29-5 .
Rep. Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds .
The resolution , which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday , will be formally read Monday .
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises .
Colquitt
-- After a long , hot controversy , Miller County has a new school superintendent , elected , as a policeman put it , in the `` coolest election I ever saw in this county '' .
`` This was the coolest , calmest election I ever saw '' , Colquitt Policeman Tom Williams said .
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet , however .
It was marked by controversy , anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence .
The former county school superintendent , George P. Callan , shot himself to death March 18 , four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board .
During the election campaign , both candidates , Davis and Bush , reportedly received anonymous telephone calls .
Ordinary Williams said he , too , was subjected to anonymous calls soon after he scheduled the election .
Austin , Texas
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it .
Daniel termed `` extremely conservative '' his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31 .
The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer .
The escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property , Daniel declared .
`` If you destroy confidence in banks , you do something to the economy '' , he said .
`` You take out of circulation many millions of dollars '' .
Cox argued that the bill is `` probably unconstitutional '' since , he said , it would impair contracts .
Austin , Texas
The TEA estimated there would be 182 scholastics to attend the day school in Dallas County , saving them from coming to Austin to live in the state deaf school .
While details are still to be worked out , Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected .
`` But I believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would oppose it also .
One validated acts of school districts .
Another enlarged authority of the Beaumont Navigation District .
The other bill , by Sen. A. M. Aikin Jr. of Paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds .
Under Formby's plan , an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor , lieutenant governor , speaker of the House , attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court .
Austin , Texas
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice .
Austin , Texas
Most of the fire was directed by Cotten against Dallas and Sen. Parkhouse .
`` This is a poor boy's bill '' , said Chapman .
Austin , Texas
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses .
-- The board of regents of Paris Junior College has named Dr. Clarence Charles Clark of Hays , Kan. as the school's new president .
Dr. Clark will succeed Dr. J. R. McLemore , who will retire at the close of the present school term .
Dr. Clark holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of Oklahoma .
During his college career , Dr. Clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football letterman .
Dr. Clark has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high schools , as teacher and athletic director at Raymondville , Texas , High School , as an instructor at the University of Oklahoma , and as an associate professor of education at Fort Hays , Kan. , State College .
He has served as a border patrolman and was in the Signal Corps of the U.S. Army .
Denton , Texas ( sp. )
-- Principals of the 13 schools in the Denton Independent School District have been re-elected for the 1961-62 session upon the recommendation of Supt. Chester O. Strickland .
State and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a `` blue ribbon '' citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program .
`` We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence '' , Martin said .
Extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives , including both parents , as a means of preserving family unity .
Several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest , Judge James B. Parsons was told in Criminal court yesterday .
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client , Alan Clements , 30 , a separate trial .
Judge Parsons leaned over the bench and inquired , `` You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this '' ? ?
`` Yes , your honor '' , replied Bellows .
There is a conflict among the defendants '' .
Decisions are made
The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' .
He said evidence was obtained `` in violation of the legal rights of citizens '' .
In the two other cases he ruled that the state had been `` unable to make a case '' .
Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury .
Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning .
`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court .
Faced seven cases
Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` complementary '' miscount of the vote , in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another .
The cases involved judges in the 33d , 24th , and 42d precincts of the 31st ward , the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward , the 18th precinct of the 4th ward , and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward .
Two other cases also were under advisement .
Claims precedent lacking
After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them .
-- President Kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million American workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of 14.2 million Americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs .
The aged care plan , similar to one the President sponsored last year as a senator , a fight on Capitol hill .
It was defeated in Congress last year .
The social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent -- 3 per cent on each worker and employer -- on the first $4,800 of pay per year .
Outlays would increase
Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year , 1963 .
Both figures would go higher in later years .
Other parts of the Kennedy health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years .
The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems : 1
Full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital .
A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a `` unit formula '' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit .
3
4
Community visiting nurse services at home for up to 240 days an illness .
The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged .
He said his plan is designed to `` meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the taxpayers' expense , but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their savings -- or those of their children -- caused by an extended hospital stay '' .
`` This is not a program of socialized medicine .
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital '' .
The plan does not cover doctor bills .
They would still be paid by the patient .
Moreover , he said , many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs .
Contributions to schools
The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students .
He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals .
In the child health field , the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau .
The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation .
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan .
Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first .
In the last eight years , all Presidential appointments , including those of cabinet rank , have been denied immediate action because of a Senate rule requiring at least a 24 hour delay after they are reported to the floor .
The rule was enforced by demand of Sen. Wayne Morse ( D. , Ore. ) in connection with President Eisenhower's cabinet selections in 1953 and President Kennedy's in 1961 .
Oslo
This atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the `` colonialist '' powers and those who have never , or not for a long time , had such problems .
Explosion avoided
In the case of Portugal , which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh , there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension .
Canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the Oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the NATO locomotive .
A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a semipublic affair , with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents accredited .
The Secretary of State has also solemnly repeated a warning to the Soviet Union that the United States will not stand for another setback in Berlin , an affirmation once again taken up by the council as a whole .
Conflict surveyed
Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down , but never completely fulfilled .
Washington
Policies modified
Its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas .
How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ? ?
Former Vice-President Richard M. Nixon in Detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the Soviet Union .
He was critical of what he feels is President Kennedy's tendency to be too conciliatory .
It does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it .
They can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether Republicans , if they had been in power , would have made `` amateurish and monumental blunders '' in Cuba .
His reply , he said , was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now .
Kennedy administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard , Boston University , Brandeis , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology educators .
This group pleads with the administration to `` give no further support for the invasion of Cuba by exile groups '' .
It recommends that the United States `` seek instead to detach the Castro regime from the Communist bloc by working for a diplomatic detente and a resumption of trade relations ; ;
Mr. Nixon , for his part , would oppose intervention in Cuba without specific provocation .
But he did recommend that President Kennedy state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated .
Aid plans revamped
Foreign aid programs were revamped to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations .
In Laos , the administration looked at the Eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture .
But the Communists aided the Pathet Lao at an even faster rate .
There was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that Laos was ill suited to be an ally , unlike its more determined neighbors , Thailand and South Viet Nam .
The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos .
If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of Communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .
He declared on March 25 that the United States had erred a year and a half ago by `` encouraging the removal '' of Prince Souvanna .
Washington
Offenses multiply
Mr. Hawksley , the state's general treasurer , has been a part-time CD director in the city for the last nine years .
He expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs .
Mr. Hawksley said .
Mr. Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks , similar to the CD vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the Central Fire Station .
He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area .
Speaking of the present status of civil defense in the city , Mr. Hawksley said he would be willing to bet that not more than one person in a hundred would know what to do or where to go in the event of an enemy attack .
One of the first things he would do , he said , would be to organize classes in first aid .
The governor's move into the so-called `` blue law '' controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss Mary R. Grant , deputy city clerk of Central Falls .
Should there be evidence they are shirking , he has said , the state police will step into the situation .
There has been more activity across the state line in Massachusetts than in Rhode Island in recent weeks toward enforcement of the Sunday sales laws .
The statutes , similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times , severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the Sabbath .
They `` operate on a volume basis '' , it was contended , `` and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community '' .
`` That was before I studied law .
He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910 , the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources .
He suggested that without the Socialist Party ever gaining a national victory , most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties .
Mr. Reama , far from really being retired , is engaged in industrial relations counseling .
A petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town .
William A. Martinelli , chairman of the Citizens Group of Johnston , transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of Council President Raymond Fortin Sr. .
The law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr. Martinelli happens to hold that post .
Mr. Martinelli explained that there should be more than enough signatures to assure the scheduling of a vote on the home rule charter and possible election of a nine member charter commission within 70 days .
He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work .
Mr. Martinelli has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while Mr. Bourcier said that a special election might be called instead .
Mr. Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement .
Some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday , with spokesmen for the town's insurgent Democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter .
Misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed `` false pretenses '' .
Several signers affixed their names , it was learned , after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the Johnston Sanitary District sewer system .
-- James P. Mitchell and Sen. Walter H. Jones R-Bergen , last night disagreed on the value of using as a campaign issue a remark by Richard J. Hughes , Democratic gubernatorial candidate , that the GOP is `` Campaigning on the carcass of Eisenhower Republicanism '' .
Mitchell was for using it , Jones against , and Sen. Wayne Dumont Jr. R-Warren did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel .
The controversial remark was first made Sunday by Hughes at a Westfield Young Democratic Club cocktail party at the Scotch Plains Country Club .
It was greeted with a chorus of boos by 500 women in Trenton Monday at a forum of the State Federation of Women's Clubs .
Hughes said Monday , `` It is the apparent intention of the Republican Party to campaign on the carcass of what they call Eisenhower Republicanism , but the heart stopped beating and the lifeblood congealed after Eisenhower retired .
Mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign .
The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican `` and proud to have absorbed his philosophy '' while working in his adminstration .
The audience last night did not respond with either applause or boos to mention of Hughes' remark .
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign .
Decries joblessness
Mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate `` Must share the blame for this '' .
Noting that Plainfield last year had lost the Mack Truck Co. plant , he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform .
`` But I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time '' , Mitchell said .
`` I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President Eisenhower by Richard J. Hughes .
His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations .
`` I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste .
Sandman , state campaign chairman for Jones , was addressing a meeting in the Military Park Hotel , Newark , of Essex County leaders and campaign managers for Jones .
Sandman said : `` The announcement that Sen. Clifford Case Aj , has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr. Mitchell is a dead giveaway .
`` My experience as public safety commissioner '' , Roos said , `` has shown me that the office of sheriff is best filled by a man with law enforcement experience , and preferably one who is a lawyer .
Jim Sheeran fits that description '' .
A citation from Conservation Commissioner Salvatore A. Bontempo credits his supervision with a reduction in the number of forest fires in the state .
Under his supervision , the state fire-fighting agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor plows and tractor units for fire fighting .
He also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station .
He is credited with setting up an annual co-operative fire prevention program in co-operation with the Red Cross and State Department of Education .
He promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the Puddingstone Inn : `` When I come back here after the November election you'll think , ' You're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected ' '' .
But I shall campaign on the Meyner record to meet the needs of the years ahead '' .
He urged New Jersey to `` become a full partner in the courageous actions of President Kennedy '' .
He called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the piracy of industry by Southern states , and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry .
`` To prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early 1940s '' .
Hughes supported Gov. Meyner's `` Green Acres '' plan for saving large tracts of open land from the onrush of urban development .
He said legislation for a $60 million bond issue to underwrite the program is expected to be introduced Monday .
`` After the primary '' , he promised , `` I'll be explicit on where I stand to bring you a strong , dynamic administration .
Trenton
-- Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are retiring -- voluntarily -- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues .
There may be other 1961 state committee retirements come April 18 , but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters .
A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee .
Resentment welled up yesterday among Democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that Mayor Wagner had decided to seek a third term with Paul R. Screvane and Abraham D. Beame as running mates .
Some anti-organization Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years .
In an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate , Mr. Wagner talked by telephone yesterday with Representative Charles A. Buckley , the Bronx Democratic leader , and with Joseph T. Sharkey , the Brooklyn Democratic leader .
As usual , he made no attempt to get in touch with Carmine G. De Sapio , the Manhattan leader .
Apparently he believes Mr. Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle .
The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx .
These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy , the object of which is to plunder them '' .
Corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of Edwin O'Connor's novel , `` The Last Hurrah '' .
But there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject .
A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year .
Day after day some new episode is reported .
An assistant attorney general is directed to investigate .
In the House , the Southern-Republican coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the Administration's housing bill , while more jockeying is expected in an attempt to advance the aid-to-education bill .
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee .
The panel's action depends on the return of Representative James W. Trimble , Democrat of Arkansas , who has been siding with Speaker Sam Rayburn's forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor .
The Democratic leadership , however , hopes to pass it sometime this week .
They will be for teaching , agriculture and community development in Southeast Asia , Africa , the Middle East and Latin America .
There are a number of ways this could happen , the churchmen pointed out , and here is an example :
Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled .
The hotel owner shrugged .
`` Same thing '' , he said .
Can religious agencies use Government funds and Peace Corps personnel in their projects and still preserve the constitutional requirement on separation of church and state ? ?
Moscow , June 18
Mr. Khrushchev was jesting in the expansive mood of the successful banker .
-- A committee of experts has recommended that a country's population be considered in the distribution of professional posts at the United Nations .
One effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India .
India is the most populous United Nations member with more than 400,000,000 inhabitants .
Formula is due this week
Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts .
Prince Souvanna Phouma , leader of the nation's neutralists and recognized as Premier by the Communist bloc , and Prince Souphanouvong , head of the pro-Communist Pathet Lao forces .
The latter two are half-brothers .
Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke , who resigned .
He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school , Fortier High school and Soule business college .
From June , 1942 , until December , 1945 , Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps .
He is married to the former Audrey Knecht and has a daughter , Karol , 13 .
They reside at 4911 Miles Dr. .
But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it .
Many buildings
Of course , 1600 Pennsylvania , the White House , is the most famous address of the free world .
Great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue , now about 169 years old .
They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote .
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time .
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept .
Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania , powered with lines that are underground .
Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square , opposite the White House .
In this historic square are several statues , but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. Andrew Jackson , hero of the Battle of New Orleans .
Moving past the presidential viewing stand and Lafayette Square will be at least 40 marching units .
About 16,000 military members of all branches of the armed forces will take part in the parade .
Division two will include the representations of Massachusetts and Texas , the respective states of the President and of Vice-President L. B. Johnson .
division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; ;
division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states .
Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone .
Jackson , Miss.
Barnett , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well .
Could be scramble
There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble .
Certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together Barnett will be able to enjoy a re-enactment of the strange but successful `` honeymoon '' he had in the 1960 legislative session .
The odds favor a special session , more than likely early in the year .
Legislators always get restless for a special session ( whether for the companionship or the $22.50 per diem is not certain ) and if they start agitating .
Barnett is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure .
Mississippi's relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961 , with the first Democratic president in eight years in the White House .
Split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents , the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck .
Future clouded
Barnett , as the titular head of the Democratic party , apparently must make the move to reestablish relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the loyalist ranks to completely bypass him as a party functionary .
With a Democratic administration , party patronage would normally begin to flow to Mississippi if it had held its Democratic solidarity in the November election .
Reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen .
Baton Rouge , La.
But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation .
Legislators weary
If it fails to pass , he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration .
Actually , Davis would have to toss in the towel soon anyway .
He could tell the Legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle .
It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one .
But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes .
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year .
If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma .
Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session , the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues .
In either case , it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser .
It is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem .
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature .
Any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their administration affiliations imprudently to profit themselves .
The new year might see some house-cleaning , either genuine or token , depending upon developments , to give Davis an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms .
Shortcuts unnoticed
The Hughes concern then took `` shortcuts '' on the project but got paid anyway , Hemphill said .
The city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract .
Managing Director Donald C. Wagner has agreed to cooperate fully with Hemphill after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter .
The announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by City Solicitor David Berger at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with Wagner and other officials of the city and the PTC as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the El project before its completion in 1959 .
On Monday , the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization .
Intervenes in case
At Berger's direction , the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there .
`` I am taking the position that the contract was clearly violated '' , Berger said .
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints .
But , Hemphill added , bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint .
Wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the Hughes company .
`` We can claim on the maximum amount of the bond '' , Berger said .
Wagner replied , `` Can't you just see the headline : ' City Hooked for $172,000 ' '' ? ?
' know enough to sue '
`` We want to find out who knew about it '' , Pratt said .
`` The PTC is investigating the whole matter '' , Pratt said .
His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses , permits and city services .
The cost of a license now is $2 , with an annual renewal fee of $1 .
The city expects the higher rooming house , hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional $457,000 a year .
Commissioner replies
In reply , Deputy Police Commissioner Howard R. Leary said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees .
He reported that the city's contributions for animal care included $67,000 to the Women's S.P.C.A. ; ;
Backs higher fees
Barnard , who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges , was fined $500 by Judge Warren K. Hess , and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time .
His widow started the circulation of petitions after Barnard was reprimanded for violating the probation .
The commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for pedestrians in the project .
Four parks planned
The corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Co. and the Samuel A. and Henry A. Berger firm , a Philadelphia builder , for work in the project .
The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp. , a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders , which is interested in developing part of the project .
Would bar vehicles
The plan for eliminating traffic hazards for pedestrians was developed by Dr. Constantinos A. Doxiadis , former Minister of Reconstruction in Greece and a consulting planner for the New Eastwick Corp. .
The plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to vehicular traffic .
It provides for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project .
The esplanade would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project .
Battalion Chief Stanton M. Gladden , 42 , the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union , suffered multiple fractures of both ankles .
He was in Baptist Memorial hospital .
The younger boy said the blast knocked him out of bed and against the wall .
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away .
Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , containing either TNT or nitroglycerine , was apparently placed under the left front wheel .
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter .
Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters , which began organizing city firemen in 1959 .
A $500 reward was offered by the association's local in Kansas City , Kas. .
Ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in Portland since November , 1959 .
He is married and the father of three children .
Helping foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than aiding them economically , E. M. Martin , assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the World Affairs Council Monday night .
Martin , who has been in office in Washington , D. C. , for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel .
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .
Patience needed
Martin called for patience on the part of Americans .
By leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare , he said .
Individual help best
Chairman C. Richard Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem , in case of atomic attack , but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go .
I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following .
Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .
Dr. Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans , even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work '' .
Mrs. Molvar asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with Jack Lowe's program .
He will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in Salem .
He will attend a meeting of the Republican State Central Committee Saturday in Portland and see the Washington-Oregon football game .
Beaverton School District No. 48 board members examined blueprints and specifications for two proposed junior high schools at a Monday night workshop session .
A bond issue which would have provided some $3.5 million for construction of the two 900-student schools was defeated by district voters in January .
Secretary Goldberg and Sen. Morse will hold a joint press conference at the Roosevelt Hotel at 4:30 p.m. Sunday , Blaine Whipple , executive secretary of the Democratic Party of Oregon , reported Tuesday .
Oak Grove ( special )
Polls will be in the water office .
The changes , unanimously adopted , were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the Bible .
The council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the Bible .
`` The scriptures , both Old and New Testament , are verbally inspired of God and are the revelation of God to man , the infallible , authoritative rule of faith and conduct '' .
-- emphasizes the Virgin birth
-- His bodily resurrection from the dead
Super again elected
Friday afternoon the Rev. T. F. Zimmerman was reelected for his second consecutive two-year term as general superintendent of Assemblies of God .
Election came on the nominating ballot .
The Rev. R. L. Brandt , national secretary of the home missions department , stressed the need for the first two years' work .
Church loses pace
`` In 35 years we have opened 7,000 churches '' , the Rev. Mr. Brandt said , adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons .
`` In this light we need 1,000 churches in Illinois , where we have 200 ; ;
800 in Southern New England , we have 60 ; ;
we need 100 in Rhode Island , we have none '' , he said .
A capsule view of proposed plans includes :
-- Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches .
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen , who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ) .
U.S. Dist. Judge Charles L. Powell denied all motions made by defense attorneys Monday in Portland's insurance fraud trial .
In denying motions for dismissal , Judge Powell stated that mass trials have been upheld as proper in other courts and that `` a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the conspirators are '' .
Proof lack charged
-- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen Major-League clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the Kansas City Athletics by a score of 5 to 3 .
Over the first five frames , Jack Fisher , the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant , held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits .
Rookie southpaw George Stepanovich relieved Hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the A's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman Dick Howser , a wild pitch , and Frank Cipriani's single under Shortstop Jerry Adair's glove into center .
Three were doubles , Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one .
Bill Kunkel , Bob Hartman and Ed Keegan did the mound chores for the club down from West Palm Beach to play the game before 767 paying customers in Miami Stadium .
The Birds got five hits and all three of their runs off Kunkel before Hartman took over in the top of the fourth .
Keegan , a 6-foot-3-inch 158-pounder , gave up the Orioles' last two safeties over the final three frames , escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to tally .
Robinson doubles again
John Powell , batting for Adair , fanned after fouling off two 2-and-2 pitches , and Buddy Barker , up for Stepanovich , bounced out sharply to Jerry Lumpe at second to end the 2-hour-and-27-minute contest .
When Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to Andy Carey .
The detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this :
Carey singled on a slow-bouncing ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first .
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit .
Then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play .
Breeding to Adair to Gentile , setting up Tuttle's 390-foot homer over the wall in left center .
Miami , Fla. , March 17
-- The flavor of Baltimore's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for belated spring training .
Hansen , who slugged the 1960 Oriole high of 22 homers and drove in 86 runs on a
freshman average , completes the Birds' spring squad at 49 players .
The big , 22-year-old shortstop , the 1960 American league `` rookie-of-the-year '' , flew here late this afternoon from Baltimore , signed his contract for an estimated $15,000 and was a spectator at tonight's 5-to-3 loss to Kansas City -- the winless Birds' sixth setback in a row .
Twenty-one-year-old Milt Pappas and Jerry Walker , 22 , are scheduled to share the Oriole mound chores against the Bombers' Art Ditmar in Sunday's 2 P.M. encounter .
Baltimore's bulky spring-training contingent now gradually will be reduced as Manager Paul Richards and his coaches seek to trim it down to a more streamlined and workable unit .
Just before game time , Robinson's pretty wife , Connie informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer .
Unfortunately , Brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers .
Hansen arrived just before nightfall , two hours late , in company with Lee MacPhail ; ;
Their flight was delayed , Dunn said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane .
A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St. Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program .
Prior to the featured race , the stewards announced that apprentice James P. Verrone is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday .
Culmone gets first win
Garden Fresh , the result of a mating of Better Self and Rosy Fingered , seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St. Patrick's Day Purse with some speed in reserve .
Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race .
Then Kerr , a graduate student from Illinois , moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn .
-- Bobby Waters of Sylvania , Ga. , relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League , will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here .
Waters injured his left knee in the last game of the 1960 season .
St. Petersburg , Fla. , March 17 ( AP )
Austin , Texas
He ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went astray last Saturday night in the 41-8 slaughter of Washington State .
`` So I started practicing on it in spring training .
Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and , as a result , several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough .
Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and , as a result , he hopes to start practicing field goals this week .
Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury .
He went into the Army in March , 1957 , and returned two years later .
`` Once you get the feel of it , there's not much to it .
I've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can't seem to get the feel .
Practice helps you to get your timing down .
Moritz , however , kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session .
`` If you kick too much , your leg gets kinda dead '' , he explained .
In their first three games , the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent ; ;
their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries .
Saxton has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game , for four plays : he returned the kickoff 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench .
Last week , when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference's top four in rushing , he said : `` That won't last long '' .
It didn't ; ;
The Mustangs don't play this week .
`` I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on .
Both turned in top jobs for the second straight game .
`` Nelson played magnificent football '' , Meek praised .
He broke that boy ( Air Force fullback Nick Arshinkoff ) in two and knocked him loose from the football '' .
`` He timed it just right and broke through there before the boy ( halfback Terry Isaacson ) had time to turn around .
He really crucified him he nailed it for a yard loss '' .
`` Kelsey is very doubtful for the Rice game '' , Meek said .
He got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game .
There is definitely some ligament damage in his knee '' .
`` He's looking a lot better , and he's able to run '' , Meek explained .
`` We'll let him do a lot of running this week , but I don't know if he'll be able to play '' .
Rabb , the former Louisiana State field general , came off the bench for his debut with the Bills Sunday and directed his new team to a 22-12 upset victory over the Houston Oilers , defending league champions .
`` Just our luck '' ! !
`` Our interior line and out linebackers played exceptionally well '' , said Stram Monday after he and his staff reviewed movies of the game .
The Texans won the game through ball control , with Quarterback Cotton Davidson throwing only 17 passes .
`` We always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive attack '' , explained Stram .
`` They can be going along , doing little damage , then bang , bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble '' .
The principal tactic in controlling the ball was giving it to Abner Haynes , the flashy halfback .
He was called upon 26 times -- more than all of the other ball-carriers combined -- and delivered 145 yards .
The early Southwest Conference football leaders -- Texas , Arkansas and Texas A & M -- made a big dent in the statistics last week .
Completing 12 of 15 passes for 174 yards , the Aggies had a total offense of 361 yards .
Texas leads in per-game rushing averages , 355 yards , and passing 149 ( to Baylor's 126 ) , but idle Baylor has the best defensive record ( 187.5 yards per game to Texas' 189 ) .
A & M has the best defense against passes , 34.7 yards per game .
Rookie Ron Nischwitz continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over Indianapolis , 5-3 .
They now lead Louisville by a full game on top of the American Association pack .
The Bears took the lead in the first inning , as they did in Sunday's opener , and never lagged .
After Al Paschal gruonded out , Jay Cooke walked and Jim McDaniel singled home McAuliffe .
Alusik then moved Cooke across with a line drive to left .
Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth .
Gaines hammered the ball over the left fence for the third Indianapolis run in the ninth .
Despite the 45-degree weather the game was clicked off in 1:48 , thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play .
It was the season's first night game and an obvious refocusing of the lights are in order .
Dallas , Tex. , May 1 -- ( AP )
-- Billy Gardner's line double , which just eluded the diving Minnie Minoso in left field , drove in Jim Lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the Minnesota Twins a 6-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox Monday .
Turk Lown was tagged with the loss , his second against no victories , while Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss .
The Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when Reno Bertoia beat out a high chopper to third base and scored on Lenny Green's double to left .
The White Sox had taken a 5-4 lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly hits -- a triple by Roy Sievers and single by Camilo Carreon -- a walk and a sacrifice fly .
`` I've had it '' , he told a newsman .
The conductor said to Ritchie : `` I don't think you want to talk to him .
But Jackie had gone into the station .
But he warmed up after a while .
He said he had never talked to Liston '' .
Liston is Bill Liston , baseball writer for the Boston Traveler , who quoted Jensen as saying :
I can't run .
Of the two cherished achievements the elderly Spahn's hitless pitching probably reached the most hearts .
And one of the Milwaukee rookies sighed and remarked , `` Wish I was 40 , and a top-grade big leaguer .
This is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion , depending on whether you're an American or National fan and anti or pro-Yankee .
The record books , however , would favor the Giants' ace .
In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases .
Willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond Mickey's .
The Giants who had been anemic with the bat in their windy Candlestick Park suddenly found the formula in Milwaukee's park .
This rule providing for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers .
With Mickey Mantle and Yogi Berra both out of action due to injuries , the American League champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati pitchers , the most ever used by one team in a series game .
Momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game , trailing only 6-3 , but the drive fizzled when John Edwards fouled out with men on second and third and two out .
The Yankee triumph made Ralph Houk only the third man to lead a team to both a pennant and a World Series victory in his first year as a manager .
Philadelphia , Jan. 23
The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer .
Gauer works with the ends .
Choice was expected
Van Brocklin , the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title , was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday .
With Skorich at the helm , the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running , rather than passing .
Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing .
He was there one season before rejoining the Steelers as an assistant coach .
The Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959 .
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today .
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor Richardson Dilworth , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship .
Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players , coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football .
Shea , the chairman of Mayor Wagner's Baseball Committee , will be joined on the dais by Warren Spahn , the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves ; ;
Frank Graham , the Journal-American sports columnist ; ;
Graham will be recognized for his meritorious service to baseball and will get the William J. Slocum Memorial Award .
Show follows ceremonies
A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song .
Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley , Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume , Shea worked relentlessly .
Despite countless barriers and disappointments , Shea moved forward .
The Continental League never got off the ground , but after two years it forced the existing majors to expand .
The New York franchise is headed by Mrs. Charles Shipman Payson .
He attended New York University before switching to Georgetown University in Washington .
Later , Shea owned and operated the Long Island Indians , a minor league professional football team .
On Friday , Roger Maris , the Yankee outfielder and winner of the American League's most-valuable-player award , will meet with Roy Hamey , the general manager .
Arnold Palmer and Sam Snead will be among those honored at the national awards dinner of the Metropolitan Golf Writers Association tonight .
Horton Smith of Detroit , a former president of the Professional Golfers Association , will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness .
Golf's golden boy
Arnold Palmer has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months .
He was heralded as `` Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the `` Professional Athlete of the Year '' , a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded Hickok Belt .
But he also achieved something that endeared him to every duffer who ever flubbed a shot .
It made him human .
It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated Arnold .
He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all .
He boomed a 280-yard drive .
Then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance .
No margin for error
The ball went off in a majestic arc , an out-of-bounds slice .
He tried again and once more sliced out of bounds .
So he wound up with a dozen .
From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open .
The idol of the hackers , of course , is Ray Ainsley , who achieved a 19 in the United States Open .
Willie's partner was Long Jim Barnes , who tried to keep count .
`` How many is that , Jim '' ? ?
If there had been , he would have found a loophole , because Arnold is one golfer who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book .
His first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway .
Arnold sent for Joe Dey , the executive secretary of the golf association .
`` I knew it all along '' , confessed Arnold with a grin , `` but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there '' .
Yet he remains the fiercest of competitors .
He'll even bull head-on into the rules when he is sure he's right .
Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains , thereby bringing local rules into force .
`` I can remove the ball , can't I '' ? ?
`` No '' , said the official .
`` You must play it where it lies '' .
The golfing fathers ruled in his favor .
Other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through Saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football's hall of fame , players' benefits and constitutional amendments .
The owners would like each club in the fourteen-team league to play a home-and-home series with teams in its division , plus two games against teams in the other division .
Pete Rozelle , the league commissioner , pointed out :
If the Cardinals heed Manager Gene Mauch of the Phillies , they won't be misled by the Pirates' slower start this season .
`` The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year .
The Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9 .
Change in pitchers .
After Thursday's open date , Solly plans to open with Larry Jackson against the Cubs here Friday night .
Haddix has a 13-8 record against the Redbirds , despite only a 1-3 mark in 1960 .
Nieman kept in lineup .
That means Stan Musial probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record five-home run day against the Giants .
`` I have to stay with Nieman for a while '' , Hemus said .
`` Bill White ( sore ankles ) should be ready .
, Dick Stuart , Don Hoak
Bill Mazeroski with and Hal Smith with were the only Pirates dragging their feet .
Perhaps the Pirate who will be the unhappiest over the news that Musial probably will sit out most of the series is Bob Friend , who was beaten by The Man twice last season on dramatic home runs .
Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week .
`` Virdon has been blasting the ball .
No plunkers for him '' .
Six Bucs over .
The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year , when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season .
On last May 1 , the Cardinals stood at 7-6 , ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone .
Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories .
Those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a 21-2 mark and a nine-game lead by May 8 .
Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who , in the words of Coach John Benington , `` had more confidence in themselves than I did '' .
The most valuable player award was split three ways , among Glen Mankowski , Gordon Hartweger and Tom Kieffer .
We'd be losing at halftime to a good team and Hartweger would say , ' Don't worry , Coach -- we'll get 'em all right ' '' .
Bob Burnes , sports editor of the Globe-Democrat , presented Bob Nordmann with his award .
Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time .
Other lettermen from the team that compiled a 21-9 record and finished as runner-up in the National Invitation Tournament were : Art Hambric , Donnell Reid , Bill Nordmann , Dave Harris , Dave Luechtefeld and George Latinovich .
`` This team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future '' , Benington pointed out .
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday .
Scherer also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a double , Len Boehmer also was 4-for-5 with two doubles and Dave Ritchie had a home run and a triple .
The Bears are set to play at Harris Teachers College at 3:30 tomorrow and have a doubleheader at Quincy , Ill. , Saturday .
And that's meant as a boost , not a knock .
Their heights , that is .
His best years were 1954 when he hit with 41 homers and '55 when he belted 51 home runs , drove in 127 and stole 24 bases .
Labor relations
The truth is , though , that men react differently to different treatment .
Stengel inherited DiMaggio , Rizzuto , but he brought up Mantle from Class C to the majors , from Joplin to New York .
With the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him , Ol' Case wanted No. 7 to be not only the best homerun hitter , but also the best bunter , base-runner and outfielder .
Four for Alvin
Willie's wonderful walloping Sunday -- four home runs -- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin Dark .
Romantic news concerns Mrs. Joan Monroe Armour and F. Lee H. Wendell , who are to be married at 4:30 p.m. tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother , J. Hampton Monroe , and Mrs. Monroe .
Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present .
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return .
They will take a wedding trip later .
Because of the recent death of the bride's father , Frederick B. Hamm , the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce Parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St. Bernadine's church , Forest Park .
However , Mr. Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house .
Harvey B. Stevens of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage .
`` We ( the Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry ) expect to establish closer relations with nations and their cultural activities , and it will be easy as a member of the fair staff to bring in acts '' , explains Mrs. Geraghty .
First , Honolulu
Honolulu will be Mrs. Geraghty's first stop .
Then Japan , Hong Kong , Manila , India , Pakistan , Damascus , Beirut , and to Rome , London , and Paris `` to look over wonderful talent '' .
the Geraghtys' youngest daughter , Molly , bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night .
Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it's fitted , says her mother .
Miss Burke , a graduate of Miss Hall's school , stayed on in Florence as a career girl .
A farewell supper Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Sethness Jr. planned Sunday for Italian Consul General and Mrs. Giacomo Profili has been canceled because Mr. Sethness is in Illinois Masonic hospital for surgery .
Mrs. William Odell , Mrs. Clinton B. King , John Holabird Jr. , Norman Boothby , and Actress Maureen O'Sullivan will judge the costumes in the grand march at the Affaire Old Towne Bal Masque tomorrow in the Germania club .
She's a whiz .
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights .
Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec. 18 , because that's the only time his heart , Lucille Ball , can come along .
And watch for a headline from this pair any time now .
He's been warbling in severe pain ; ;
As we bulletin'd way back , he'll wed pretty Rosemary Strafaci , of the Golf Mag staff , in N. Y. C. today .
George Simon , exec director of Danny Thomas A. L. S. A. C. ( Aiding Leukemia Stricken American Children ) fund raising group , filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for Danny's St. Jude hospital in Memphis .
You can mail contribs to Danny Thomas , Post Office Box 7599 , Chicago .
So , if anybody solicits by phone , make sure you mail the dough to the above .
Fur goodness sake ! !
It's one of our town's worthiest charities .
Best Bet for Tonight : That darlin' dazzler from Paree , Genevieve , opening in the Empire room .
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener .
They're contaminating the earth's atmosphere including their own via mighty megaton bombs but their own peasants still don't know about it ! !
More : On the free world side .
Actually Johnny is a glib , garrulous guy , with a rare sense of humor .
Everywhere he went in town , people sidled up , gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel .
He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone .
`` La Dolce Vita '' , the dynamite Italian flicker , opens at popular prices at the Loop theater Nov. 2 .
That's our boy Bill .
A cheer here for Francis Lorenz , state treasurer , who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association , for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies .
Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra , who will play each Saturday during June .
Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private patio .
Mrs. J. Edward Hackstaff and Mrs. Paul Luette are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman , who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday .
Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announce the birth of a daughter , Sheila , on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital .
Mrs. Chase is the former Miss Mary Mullenax .
Mrs. McIntosh Buell will leave Sunday to return to her home in Santa Barbara , Calif. , after spending a week in her Polo Grounds home .
Cocktail party
Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home .
Cocktails will be served from 6 to 7 p.m. , with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following .
It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House .
Mrs. Kelsey is the former Miss Ann Rickenbaugh .
A cheery smile , a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach .
The pert , gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo , N.Y. , is a `` civilian '' with the Army .
The job also covers a number of other items .
Mrs. Marr is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up .
The Denverite has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center .
`` I've become the greatest beggar in the world '' .
In addition to the tickets to the movies , sporting events and concerts , Mrs. Marr lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of sweets to replace the sugar in their system .
Mrs. Marr also has a number of parolees to `` mother '' , watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society .
In another four weeks , with schools closed across the nation , the great all-American summer safari will be under way .
By July 1 , six weeks from now , motel-keepers all over the nation will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign , `` No Vacancy '' .
That is where we turn in the good old summertime .
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught .
I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene , such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent , far-flung over-night accommodations .
There are motels for all purposes and all tastes .
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock , Tex. , as I discovered .
Many with pools
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business .
All for $14 ! !
All for $14 .
Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. Robert D. Howard and his bride , the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church .
The bridegroom is the son of Mrs. James Baines of Los Angeles , Calif. , and Carl E. Howard of Santa Monica , Calif. .
He is a graduate of UCLA and Perkins School of Theology , Aj .
Honor attendants for the couple were Miss Sandra Branum and Warren V. McRoberts .
The couple will honeymoon in Sequoia National Park , Calif. .
She wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse skirt accented by lace appliques .
Cecil Mason of Hartford , Conn. , was best man for his brother , and groomsmen were Rhodes S. Baker 3 , of Houston , Dr. James Carter of Houston and Conrad McEachern of New Orleans , La. .
Lee Jackson and Ken Smith , both of Houston , and Alfred Neumann of Beaumont seated guests .
After a reception at The Mayfair , the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans , La. .
Parents of the couple are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs. Meredith and Mrs. Hardy P. Mills of Floresville and the late Mr. Mills .
Miss Glenda Kay Meredith of Denton was her sister's maid of honor , and Vernon Lewelleyn of San Angelo was best man .
Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr. seated guests .
The bride , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ervin Glison of Pampa , has attended Texas Woman's University and will continue her studies at Aj .
Mrs. H. J. Grinsfelder is chairman .
The Louisiana city is known , of course , for its fine food , good music and its colorful hospitality `` and , when guests arrive at Philmont that night '' , says Mrs. Grinsfelder , `` that is exactly what we expect to offer them .
As for food , Mrs. Henry Louchheim , chairman of this phase , is a globetrotter who knows good food .
She says , `` of course I've had the best .
But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties .
I know they will be good .
Scenic effects
Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed .
Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000 .
Louis Glazer is chairman of the men's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours .
Mrs. Joan Lichtenstein , for publicity ; ;
Mrs. Harry M. Rose , Jr. , for secretarial duties ; ;
The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday , April 17 , in the chapel assembly room , Wayne .
Col. Clifton Lisle , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member .
Each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year .
`` But there never is any need .
The boys love it '' .
The event will be open to the public the following day .
The event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the National Council of Jewish Women .
Others assisting
Mrs. Jerome Blum and Mrs. Meyer Schultz are co-chairmen this year .
Assisting as chairmen of various committees are Mrs. Alvin Blum , Mrs. Leonard Malmud , Mrs. Edward Fernberger , Mrs. Robert Cushman .
Dr. and Mrs. N. Volney Ludwick have had as guests Mr. and Mrs. John J. Evans , Jr. , of `` Kimbolton House '' , Rockhall , Md. .
Mr. and Mrs. James Janssen announce the birth of a daughter , Patricia Lynn Janssen , on March 2 .
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Marella announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss Mary Ann Marella , to Mr. Robert L. Orcutt , son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald R. Orcutt , of Drexel Hill .
Mr. Ingo Dussa , of Dusseldorf , Germany , and Mr. Bietnar Haaek , of Brelin .
Mr. and Mrs. James F. Mitchell , with their daughter , Anne , and son , James , Jr. are spending several weeks in Florida , and will visit in Clearwater .
Mrs. William H. Merner , of Drexel Park , entertained at a luncheon at her home on Wednesday .
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Brown will return next week from Bermuda .
Mrs. H. E. Godwin will entertain the members of her Book Club at her home on Tuesday .
The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February .
Miss Vieth was graduated from the Louise S. McGehee school and is attending Wellesley College in Wellesley , Mass. .
Her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward .
Their Majesties , The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus , have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and Comus .
When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne , Eleanor Eustis , Lynn Chapman , Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville , Miss. and Helene Rowley .
The mother of young queen , Mrs. G. Henry Pierson Jr. chose a white brocade gown made on slim lines with panels of tomato-red and bright green satin extending down the back .
Mrs. Thomas Jordan selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers .
Mrs. Fenwick Eustis , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown .
Mrs. Peter Feringa Jr. , last year's Achaeans' queen , chose an eggshell white filmy lace short dress made with a wide decolletage trimmed with an edging of tulle .
Mrs. Eustis Reily's olive-green street length silk taffeta dress was embroidered on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads .
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12:01 A.M. next Saturday .
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 .
The reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B. & O. operates .
It will be accomplished in two ways : 1
Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense .
Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough , a B. & O. spokesman said .
The victim , Norman B. Wiley , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles Street , was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery .
His sister and brother , Marie Louise , 3 , and John Raymond , Jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital .
-- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what .
The proposal was made by Dr. David S. Jenkins after he and Mrs. D. Ellwood Williams , Jr. , a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent , argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting .
Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval .
`` I hate to have these things come up again and again '' , Dr. Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion .
For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago .
It was about that time , a board member said later , that Dr. Thomas G. Pullen , Jr. , State superintendent of schools , told Dr. Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him .
The Board of County Commissioners , the Sanitary Commission , the Planning and Zoning Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other misunderstandings about what actually happened at their meetings .
Dr. Jenkins notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so .
Police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt Street .
Barber summoned
He called Vincent L. Piraro , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance .
Conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm , Mr. Schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here .
The Councilman , who is the Administration floor leader , also criticized Bernard L. Werner , public works director , for `` halting snow operations '' on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm .
Sent home for rest
Mr. Werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week .
What he did , Mr. Werner said , was let manual laborers go home Tuesday night for some rest .
Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' .
Annapolis , Jan. 7 ( special )
Each had been shot in the back several times with a
Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor , police said .
The description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio .
-- Governor Tawes today appointed Lloyd L. Simpkins , his administrative assistant , as Maryland's Secretary of State .
Now 38 , Mr. Simpkins was graduated from the University of Maryland's College of Agriculture in 1947 .
Five years later , he was awarded the university's degree in law .
Dodge reported the following breakdown :
Nonresidential at $20,447,000 , down 28 per cent ; ;
and heavy engineering at $9,841,000 , down 45 per cent .
The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year .
A breakdown of the ten-month total showed :
Nonresidential at $253,355,000 , up 22 per cent ; ;
residential at $278,877,000 , up 12 per cent ; ;
and heavy engineering at $102,285,000 , down 33 per cent .
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter .
Trouble-free , long-life , quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960 '' , Pantas predicted .
The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction .
It is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs .
It has a hull patterned on that of the United States navy's Nautilus , the world's first atomic submarine .
Its power unit , however , was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack .
The announcement that the secrets of the Dreadnought had been stolen was made in Bow St. police court here at the end of a three day hearing .
Two British civil servants , Miss Ethel Gee , 46 , and her newly devoted friend , Harry Houghton , 55 , and divorced .
When arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping , it was testified .
Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript .
Only Miss Gee asked for bail .
Refuses to grant bail
`` I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them '' , said the magistrate , K.J.P. Baraclough .
The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s .
Fuchs , after nine and a half years , was released , being given time off for good behavior .
The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency , mostly $20 bills , and in British government bonds and stocks .
`` This is Russian money '' , said Mervin Griffith-Jones for the attorney general's office .
But just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare , Capt. George Symonds .
The information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy .
The British defending lawyers , who today increased from three to four , demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury , the chances of their clients would improve .
Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed .
The United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like that used in the Skipjack .
Navy's future involved
It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work .
It was first tried out on a conventional submarine , the Albacore , in 1954 .
Reputedly it could outrun , underwater , the fastest destroyers .
The spy ring also was particularly interested in ASDIC , the underwater equipment for detecting submarines , it was testified .
Range was a vital detail .
Oddly , the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were arrested .
The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge Joseph Sam Perry in federal District court .
The three -- Miles J. Cooperman , Sheldon Teller , and Richard Austin -- and eight other defendants are charged in six indictments with conspiracy to violate federal narcotic laws .
' had to know peddlers '
Although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together , Sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' .
No comments by U.S.
Among other acts , Teller and Austin are accused of paying $800 to Sears .
His losses included his money bag , containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck .
Robinson told Policemen James Jones and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash Avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High School , 30th Street and South Park Way , and began `` skylarking '' .
When 51st Street was reached , Robinson related , he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor .
Then the youths fled with his money .
She had been sentenced to 180 years in prison , but former Gov. Stratton commuted her term to 75 years , making her eligible for parole , as one of his last acts in office .
Mrs. Dunkel admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934 .
The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan. 20 .
The defendant , William L. Stickney 3 , 23 , of 3211 Park pl. , Evanston , who pleaded guilty to reckless driving , also was ordered by Judge James Corcoran to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month .
At Jenks Street , Simms said , the car skidded completely around , just missed two parked cars , and sped east in Jenks .
St. Johns , Mich. , April 19 .
He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , Jack Walker , or his guard .
When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said :
`` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed .
Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' .
Lives on welfare
He also admitted killing Mrs. Hengesbach .
However , the confession , which was the only evidence against him , was retracted before the trial .
Locked in motel
The jury foreman , Mrs. Olive Heideman , of rural Elsie , said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence .
The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter .
The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week .
A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends .
Services tomorrow
Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren .
Mrs. Pankowski , 61 , remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while Mrs. Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile Road East .
Held candle
Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother , because the flat lacked electricity .
They are home now with the other Kowalski children , Vicky , 14 ; ;
Eleanor , 2 ; ;
and Bernardine , 1 .
A135 donated
He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553 , Warren Village Station .
Principal Clayton W. Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today , and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs. Kowalski .
Funds from dances
Student Council officers announced today the Kowalski family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago , and another dance for Fuhrmann's 770 students this Friday night .
`` Furhmann's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort , started largely among the students themselves , because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family , Pohly said .
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o Dequindre , which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine .
Expresses thanks
Kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him .
Commandeering a passing car , Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic .
The jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June .
Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home .
He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire .
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens .
Heavy support
The Laos government said four major Pathet Lao rebel attacks had been launched , heavily supported by troops from Communist North Viet Nam .
At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup .
Among them were a number of newsmen , including Henry Raymont , of United Press International , and Robert Berrellez , of Associated Press .
So many Cubans were reported being swept into the Castro dragnet that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift jails .
Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state , few emerge in the West to tell about it .
M. Kegham -- the name is a pseudynom -- was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF ) -- two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945 .
The statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law , tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated .
Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church .
Some church leaders , both clerical and lay , have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation .
The student newspaper , The Emory Wheel , as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation .
`` From its beginning '' , the trustees' statement said Friday , `` Emory University has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in Christian higher learning .
Teaching , research and study , according to highest standards , under Christian influence , are paramount in the Emory University policy .
`` As a private institution , supported by generous individuals , Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education .
`` There is not now , nor has there ever been in Emory University's charter or by-laws any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race , color or creed .
Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed .
`` On the other hand , Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia .
The dead youth was identified as Robert E. Sims , 19 , of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir. , Aj .
The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and `` stand-ins '' if negotiations failed .
' intend to attend '
`` We intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year '' , the identically worded letters said .
Student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago .
Friday's letters asked for a Nov. 15 meeting .
Black said COAHR `` hoped to be able to integrate the theaters without taking direct action , but we are pledged to using every legal and nonviolent means at our disposal ''
A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that `` extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits ''
Besides managers of downtown theaters , the students sent letters to owners of art theaters in the uptown area and Buckhead .
R. E. Killingsworth
and two sisters , Miss Minnie Kililngsworth and Mrs. Bessie Bloom , both of Gettysburg , Pa. .
John W. Ball
John William Ball , 68 , of 133 Marietta St. NW , Apartment 101b , died Sunday at his home .
He was a member of the Oakland City Methodist Church and a native of Atlanta .
Mrs. Lola Harris
Mrs. Lola M. Harris , a native of Atlanta , died Sunday at her home in Garland , Tex. .
Survivors include a son , Charles R. Fergeson , Memphis , Tenn. ; ;
two daughters , Mrs. Gene F. Stoll and Miss Nancy Harris , both of Garland ; ;
Patrolmen J. W. Slate and A. L. Crawford Jr. said they arrested Ronald M. Thomas , of 1671 Nakoma St. , NW , after he assaulted the officers .
Police account
The officers gave this account :
Attacks officer
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained .
About five minutes later he jumped up , Slate said , and struck the two policemen again .
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , Slate related .
Slate said he and Crawford received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly torn .
Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery .
Mrs. Mary Self , who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years , has closed her desk and retired .
After 18 years in the personnel office , she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors .
The department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional counties -- Troup , Pierce , Bryan and Bulloch -- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants , according to W. E. Blasingame state entomologist .
Also being treated are Houston , Bleckley , Tift , Turner and Dodge counties , Blasingame said .
The north-bound entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week .
Incidentally , 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours .
Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes , two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville , the State Patrol said Sunday .
The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary .
That death occurred at 50 p.m. Friday and was reported Sunday , the patrol said .
Bursts into flames
An auto overturned , skidding into a stopped tractor-trailer and burst into flames near Snellville , the patrol said .
Bobby Bester Hammett , 21 , of Rte. 3 , Lawrenceville , and Mrs. Lucille Herrington Jones , 23 , of Lawrenceville , died in the flaming car , the patrol said .
Salem ( special )
William Smythe , director of field service , told the commissioners that Multnomah , as of Aug. 22 , had spent $58,918 out of its budgeted $66,000 in the category , leaving only $7,082 for the rest of the month .
At the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month , this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000 .
But it probably will be less because of a usual slackening during the last weeks of each month , Smythe said .
Board oks pact
The contract with Ray Field , who has been converting the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape , would renew his present salary of $8 an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month .
Acting Administrator Andrew F. Juras said that because of Field's unique position and knowledge in the program , the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period .
Salary termed modest
The conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed , he said , and added Field's long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program .
`` Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract '' ? ?
The continued operation of this program depends on having his service '' .
`` I rather resent '' , she said , `` you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this .
Secret Grand Jury indictments were returned against the pair last week , Detective Murray Logan reported .
The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by Detective William Taylor and other officers .
A 12-year-old girl , Susan Elaine Smith , 9329 NE Schuyler St. was in serious condition Friday at Bess Kaiser Hospital , victim of a bicycle-auto collision in the Gateway Shopping Center , parking area , Deputy Sheriff W. H. Forsyth reported .
He owned a logging equipment business here from 1923 to 1928 , and later became Northwest district manager for Macwhyte Co. .
three sisters , Mrs. Eugene Horstman , Los Angeles , Mrs. Lucy Brett Andrew , New York City , and Mrs. Beatrice Kiefferm , New York City , and five grandchildren .
The NLRB said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union , two voted for it , and one vote was challenged .
Order of Elks , Lodge No. 142 ; ;
a son , Sheldon Brooks ; ;
and five grandchildren .
The family requests that flowers be omitted .
Spice-Nice , counseled by Georgia-Pacific Corp. , had previously taken first-place honors in both local competition and the regional conference at San Francisco .
Youngsters do business
National competition was the culmination of work which began with the school year last fall and continued until just before summer vacation .
Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry .
For winning Larson will receive a $100 U.S. Savings Bond from the Junior Achievement national organization .
Other members of the Portland delegation attending the conference in Columbus are : Kathleen Mason , Jefferson high school ; ;
Richard E. Cohn , Grant ; ;
Karen Kolb , Franklin ; ;
On the day's schedule are a flower show , 4-H horsemanship contest and clown shows , the latter at 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. .
Bill Davis quartet of Hillsboro was second and baton twirler Sue Ann Nuttall of Reedville third .
Finalists from the county's east end failed to place .
Results :
Janet Jossy of North Plains won grand champion honors of the 4-H sheep showman contest .
Joan Zurcher of Hillsboro , Phyllis Jossy of North Plains , Jane Cox of North Plains .
Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog , a Chester White .
In poultry judging , blues were won by John Nyberg of Tualatin , Anne Batchelder of Hillsboro , Jim Shaw of Hillsboro , Stephanie Shaw of Hillsboro and Lynn Robinson of Tigard .
Carol Strong , 13 , of Cedar Mill cooked the championship junior dollar dinner .
Barbara Borland of Tigard took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called filbert hats .
About 70 North Providence taxpayers made appeals to the board of tax assessors for a review of their 1961 tax assessments during the last two days at the town hall in Centredale .
These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals .
Louis H. Grenier , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes .
Mr. Giorgio had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car , police said .
Both cars were slightly damaged .
Mr. Pezza was taken to a nearby Johnston physician , Dr. Allan A. DiSimone , who treated him .
They told police the intruders took a mink coat worth $700 , a black Persian lamb jacket worth $450 ; ;
a wallet with $450 in it ; ;
The watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85 .
The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River .
The division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from jewelry plants in the area flowing through the line , heavy vehicle traffic on Eddy Street and tide conditions .
A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from Lawrence J. Sullivan , according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall .
F. Morris Cochran , university vice president and business manager , said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families , particularly for those here for a limited time .
A 62-year-old Smithfield man , Lester E. Stone of 19 Beverly Circle , was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital , North Providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street .
He was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance .
Before hitting the pole , Mr. Stone's car brushed against a car driven by Alva W. Vernava , 21 , of 23 Maple Ave. , North Providence , tearing away the rear bumper and denting the left rear fender of the Vernava car , police said .
The impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the accident .
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court , it appeared last night .
Two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator , Francis P. Nolan 3rd , the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman , could not be reached for comment .
Supt. Clarence S. Taylor had recommended Roger I. Vermeersch for the post .
The award was made by Judge Fred B. Perkins who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties .
The award , without interest , compared with a valuation of $57,500 placed on the property by the property owners' real estate expert , and a valuation of $52,500 placed on it by the state's expert .
The property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on 8,293 square feet of land .
Atty. Gen. J. Joseph Nugent appeared for the state .
Santa's lieutenants in charge of the Journal-Bulletin Santa Claus Fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from Cranston residents .
The fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters .
Mr. Parrillo was given first aid at Johnston Hose 1 .
Vincent Sorrentino , founder and board chairman of the Uncas Mfg. Co. , has been designated a Cavaliere of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Italy .
Mr. Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel .
On Sept. 6 , the Kretchmer rescued the crew of a trawler they found drifting on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship .
In August while stopping in Greenock , Scotland , three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train .
-- The FBI yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the `` Freedom Rider '' bus burning trial four weeks ago .
U.S. Attorney Macon Weaver said the federal complaint , charged that the juror gave false information when asked about Ku Klux Klan membership during selection of jury .
Eight men were tried together in U.S. District Court in Anniston , Ala. , on charges of interfering with interstate transportation and conspiracy growing out of a white mob's attack on a Greyhound bus carrying the first of the Freedom Riders .
The bus was burned outside Anniston .
A mistrial was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict .
The first incident occurred before the trial got under way when Judge H. Hobart Grooms told the jury panel he had heard reports of jury-tampering efforts .
Two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial .
The juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient .
The judge replaced the juror with an alternate .
One member of the panel -- not Mr. Parker -- indicated he had been a member of the KKK at one time .
New York -- ( UPI )
The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James McN. Hester , currently dean of the NYU Graduate School of Arts and Sciences .
Dr. Hester , also one of the youngest men ever to head a major American university , succeeds Dr. Carroll V. Newsom who resigned last September to join Prentice-Hall Inc. publishing firm .
Dr. Hester , of Princeton , N.J. , is a native of Chester , Pa. He joined NYU in September , 1960 .
Vast spraying programs conducted by `` technicians with narrow training and little wisdom '' are endangering crops and wildlife , Carl W. Buchheister , president of the National Audubon Society , said today .
Buchheister told delegates to the West Coast Audubon Convention that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target , the fire ant .
stronger water pollution control programs , and Federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil .
Seventeen years ago today , German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a V-1 rocket-bomb that was attached to the underbelly of a Heinkel bomber .
This had never been done before .
He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944 .
`` I had developed the machines and therefore knew them .
The target was Allied shipping -- a desperate effort to stave off the Allied invasion of Europe .
The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight .
Squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic guidance mechanism , the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude .
At 12,000 feet , Fiedler signaled `` release '' , and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel .
`` She flew beautifully '' , said Fiedler .
I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip '' .
Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons , Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage .
Moments later the V-1 skimmed across the landing strip , edging closer and closer to a touchdown -- then in a streamer of dust it landed .
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb .
John Di Massimo has been elected president of the 1961 Columbus Day Celebration Committee , it was announced yesterday .
Other officers are Angelo J. Scampini , vice president , Joseph V. Arata , treasurer , and Fred J. Casassa , secretary .
Judge John B. Molinari was named chairman of the executive committee .
Elios P. Anderlini , Attilio Beronio , Leo M. Bianco , Frederic Campagnoli , Joseph Cervetto , Armond J. De Martini , Grace Duhagon , John P. Figone , John P. Figone Jr. , Stephen Mana , John Moscone , Calude Perasso , Angelo Petrini , Frank Ratto , and George R. Reilly .
In a letter to the American Friends Service , Dr. Schweitzer wrote :
The only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear weapons ; ;
otherwise no peace is possible .
`` Governments apparently do not feel obligated to make the people adequately aware of this danger ; ;
A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein , 47 , who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant '' and operator of a janitors' service .
Glimco a buddy
`` But Arger never was able to produce it , so I cut him off my payroll '' .
The federal lawyers , according to their witnesses , also were tracing Stein's fees as a labor consultant .
Among the witnesses were Ed J. Lee , director of McCormick Place ; ;
and Frank W. Pesce , operator of a Glimco dominated deodorant firm , the Best Sanitation and Supply company , 1215 Blue Island Av. .
Leavitt , as he entered the jury room , said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to Stein for `` labor consultant work '' with five unions which organized Leavitt's workers .
Leavitt identified the unions as a warehouseman's local , the teamsters union , a salesman's union , the janitors' union , and a bottling workers' union .
Government attorneys , Leavitt said , have questioned him closely about `` five or six loans '' totaling about $40,000 which the liquor company made to Stein in the last year .
Stein said he needed the money , Leavitt said , to `` meet the payroll '' at National Maintenance company .
The radiation station of the Chicago board of health recorded a reading of 1 micro-microcurie of radiation per cubic meter of air over Chicago yesterday .
The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week .
A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation .
Lien payments involved
Huff told Gregorio that he took the money to pay `` the ordinary bills and expenses of suburban living '' .
On that date , according to Gregorio , Huff left his home and took a room in the New Lawrence hotel at 1020 Lawrence Av. .
There , Gregorio said , Huff wrote a complete statement of his offense .
For many reasons , the demand to buy shares in the Dallas-headquartered company was tremendous .
A measure of how hot the stock was , can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began .
The stock was sold in the underwriting at a price of $12.50 a share .
The first over-the-counter trade Wednesday afternoon at Eppler , Guerin & Turner , the managing underwriter , was at $17 a share .
There was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock offering .
`` We subscribe 500 shares of Morton Foods of Texas .
After it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone .
`` I feel confident the stock will qualify for the ' national list ' '' , he said , meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country .
First , the general stock market has been boiling upward for the last few months , driving stocks of all kinds up .
As a result , it is not easy to find a stock priced as the Morton issue was priced ( at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings , to yield a little over 5 per cent on the 64-cent anticipated dividend ) .
Both of those have had dynamic run-ups in price on the market in recent months , both were selling at higher price-earnings and yield bases than Morton was coming to market at , and everyone who knew anything about it expected the Morton stock to have a fast run-up .
And third , the potato chip industry has taken on the flavor of a `` growth '' industry in the public mind of late .
The potato chip industry these days is growing , not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods , but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger .
Those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives , men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest .
But today many of those men are reaching retirement age and suddenly realizing that they face an estate tax problem with their closely held companies and also that they have no second-echelon management in their firms .
So they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock , and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like Frito .
Now , if Morton's newest product , a corn chip known as Chip-o's , turns out to sell as well as its stock did , the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the avid buyers bid it up to .
The Murray Co. of Texas , Inc. , originated in Dallas in 1896 .
Factories are located here and in Prattville , Ala. .
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies .
In 1930 , they began making cotton processing equipment .
The cleaner equipment firm began operations in 1953 and the unit system , which turns out a complete ginning system , began operations in 1959 .
Mitchell employs a total of about 400 people .
They export cotton ginning machinery .
This includes driers , cleaners , burr extractors , separators and piping that's located above gin stands in a complete gin .
They make gin saws and deal in parts , supplies and some used gin machinery .
The Stacy Co. makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale largely in Texas .
They've been in Dallas since 1921 .
They distribute equipment in 11 states .
Cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy .
Registrations of new cars in Dallas County cracked the 3,000 mark in March for the first time this year .
However , compared with March 1960 new car sales of 4,441 , this March was off 23 per cent .
On the local level , compacts continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of lower-priced standard models and foreign cars .
Business firms provide 20 weeks of practical employment to supplement classroom instruction in these fields .
Bill Burke , Tommie Freeman , and Lawrence Paschall of N. R. Crozier Tech. Paulah Thompson , Gerald Kestner , and Nancy Stephenson of Hillcrest ; ;
Arnold Hayes , Mary Ann Shay , and Lloyd Satterfield of Thomas Jefferson ; ;
Patricia Ann Neal , Johnny Carruthers , and David McLauchlin of Rylie of Seagoville ; ;
William Austin , Gary Hammond , and Ronnie Davis of South Oak Cliff ; ;
Bill Eaton , Carolyn Milton , and Ronnie Bert Stone of Sunset ; ;
and Charles Potter , Ronnie Moore , and Robert Bailey of Woodrow Wilson .
The Kennedy administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals , particularly their effect on the Federal Housing Administration , came under fire in Dallas last week .
The Administration's proposals , complex and sweeping as they are , all deal with fringe areas of the housing market rather than its core , stated Caron S. Stallard , first vice-president of the Mortgage Bankers Association of America .
Another speaker , William H. Draper , Jr. , former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the Palo Alto venture capital firm of Draper , Gaither & Anderson , urged the U.S. to `` throw down the gauntlet of battle to communism and tell Moscow bluntly we won't be pushed around any more '' .
' not flash in pan '
Sprinkel strongly refuted the current neo-stagnationist thesis that we are facing a future of limited and slow growth , declaring that this pessimism `` is based on very limited and questionable evidence '' .
Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .
The unsatisfactory 1958-60 expansion , he said , was not due to inadequate growth forces inherent in our economy but rather to the adverse effect of inappropriate economic policies combined with retrenching decisions resulting from the steel strike .
Sacrifices needed
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice '' .
New York ( AP )
-- Stock market Tuesday staged a technical recovery , erasing all of Monday's losses in the Associated Press average and making the largest gain in about two weeks .
It was a level at which some of the investors standing on the sidelines were thought likely to buy the pivotal issues represented in the averages .
Some good news
Although it looked like a routine technical snapback to Wall Streeters it was accompanied by some good news .
A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month .
Of 1,253 issues traded , 695 advanced and 354 declined .
A $25 billion advertising budget in an $800 billion economy was envisioned for the 1970s here Tuesday by Peter G. Peterson , head of one of the world's greatest camera firms , in a key address before the American Marketing Assn. .
Nothing to fear
He cited , as an example , how the American camera industry has been able to meet successfully the competition of Japan despite lower Japanese labor costs , by improving its production know-how and technology .
He also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an all-automatic camera in Germany , with the result that it became the best selling camera in the German market .
Taylor , president and voting stockholder of Taylor and Co. , Beverly Hills , has been active in the securities business since 1925 .
Union Oil Co. of California Tuesday offered $120 million in debentures to the public through a group of underwriters headed by Dillon , Read & Co. , to raise money to retire a similar amount held by Gulf Oil Corp. .
Under the new offering , only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares .
$75 by 1976 ; ;
-- American Stock Exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading dwindled .
Gains of 2-3/4 were posted for Teleprompter and Republic Foil .
Fairchild Camera and Kawecki Chemical gained 2-1/2 each .
-- I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct. 23 , 1959 , and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb. 8 , 1960 .
-- Write to the fund's custodian bank -- the First National Bank of Jersey City , N.J. .
The bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things .
That 60-day period is over and letters are still coming in from shareholders of these four funds , complaining about mistakes in their accounts .
Any shareholder of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank .
He selects queries or general interest to answer .
Washington ( AP )
Perlman said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger , but could possibly be an ultimate effect .
`` The financial situation of the Baltimore & Ohio , has become precarious -- much worse than at any time since the depression of the 1930s '' , he told the hearing .
The proposed C & O-B & O railroad would make it the hemisphere's second largest .
Washington ( AP )
On $1.1 billion of 90-day bills , the average yield was 2.325% .
The rate a week ago was 2.295% .
Washington , March 11 ( UPI ) .
This was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders polled by the National Housing Center .
Other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were `` resistance to high interest rates , cost advantage of buying over renting has narrowed , shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to qualify '' .
Starts were down 20 percent from 1959 .
Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry ? ?
Elburn , Ill.
Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas .
Paradoxically , the sales rise is due in large measure to Government efforts to slash farm output .
The higher price supports provided by the new legislation , together with rising prices for farm products , are pushing up farm income , making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery .
Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year .
Two of three report gains
Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states , two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier , with the increases ranging from 5% to 50% .
More than 20 million people live on farms and they own a fourth of the nation's trucks , buy more gasoline than any other industry and provide a major market for home appliances , chemicals and other products .
Farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're haggling less over prices than they did a year ago , dealers report .
`` Farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale '' , says Jack Martin , who sells J. I. Case tractors and implements in Sioux City , Iowa .
`` This morning , we allowed a farmer $600 on the old picker he traded in on a new $2,700 model .
Last year , we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine '' .
Dealers' stocks down
With the lower dealer inventories and the stepped-up demand some manufacturers believe there could be shortages of some implements .
The rise in sales last winter was checked when the Government's new feed grain program was adopted ; ;
Total farm output for this year is officially forecast at 129% of the 1947-49 average , three points higher than the July 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960 .
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects .
The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month , reaching 242% of the 1910-14 average compared with 237% at mid-July .
Such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets .
The measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone .
Charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the I.R.S. .
The Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date , purpose , amount and other particulars of the contribution .
Requests for substantiation , the Service indicated , can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return , such as tickets to a show .
A rule on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested .
The Tax Court rejected this view .
The owner of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and `` kicked back '' to the company's advertising manager , the Tax Court ruled .
The taxpayer testified that in order to retain the account he had to pad his invoices and pay the excess to the manager .
A portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel .
She would be taxed on the pensions when received , of course , but the company's contributions would be tax-free .
A frequent pitfall in this sort of arrangement , experts warn , is a tendency to pay the wife more than her job is worth and to set aside an excessive amount for her as retirement income .
Colorado has a 2% sales tax .
The court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities .
Washington
-- Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months , the Government reported .
The Commerce Department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $18 billion in April , down 1% from the March level of more than $18.2 billion .
April sales also were 5% below those of April last year , when volume reached a record for any month , $18.9 billion ( see chart on Page One ) .
The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and pre-Easter buying was pushed into March .
Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March .
As a Neiman-Marcus award winner the titian-haired Miss Garson is a personification of the individual look so important to fashion this season .
Her creations in fashion are from many designers because she doesn't want a complete wardrobe from any one designer any more than she wants `` all of her pictures by one painter '' .
Her favorite cocktail dress is a Norell , a black and white organdy and silk jersey .
Black and white is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing pinks , reds , blues and greens .
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , Greer Garson was born in County Down , Ireland .
She took postgraduate work at the University of Grenoble in France and then returned to London to work on market research with an advertising firm .
Other triumphs include `` Random Harvest '' , `` Madame Curie '' , `` Pride and Prejudice '' , `` The Forsythe Saga '' and `` Mrs. Miniver '' ( which won her the Academy Award in 1943 ) .
Honors that have come to Greer Garson are countless .
She is in Madame Tussard's Waxworks in London , a princess of the Kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states .
She is state chairman for the New Mexico Tuberculosis and Cancer Associations .
Both Miss Garson and her oilman-rancher husband are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico .
The pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long -- but he dutifully kept his eye on the gravy .
Last October he gave a public speech in Washington , D.C. entitled `` Are Women Here To Stay '' ? ?
And he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center , along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tables .
So he hides the mayonnaise .
`` They aren't supposed to look at women , you know '' , Ramsey recalled .
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest .
Add enough warmed cream , seasoned to taste with onion juice , to about half cover the chicken breasts .
Bake slowly at least one-half hour longer .
Sprinkle over top of chicken breasts .
( Leave off the ham and you call it Chicken Pontiac , says Ramsey .
Contemporary furniture that is neither Danish nor straight-line modern but has sculptured pattern , many design facets , warmth , dignity and an effect of utter comfort and livability .
That is the goal of two new collections being introduced in Dallas this month .
The Heritage collection , to be shown by Sanger-Harris and Anderson's Studio , has perhaps more different types of woods and decorations than any one manufacturer ever assembled together at one time .
Colorful , bright Eastman Chromspun fabrics , with the magenta , pink and white tones predominating as well as golden shades are used with Composite .
See-through design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an Oriental shoji flavor .
Dignity and comfort , in a contemporary manner , reflecting the best aspects of today's design , with substance and maturity , keynote the Perennian collection from Heritage .
Center panel , hand-screened wood , actually is a back of one of the tall bookcases .
Mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool loop pile .
Members are on their way to Saledo , not by stage coach , but in air-conditioned cars .
Invitations have been extended to some Austin dignitaries including Gov. and Mrs. Price Daniel .
Stagecoach Days is the theme for the weekend on the Old Chisholm Trail .
The get-together Friday night will be a banquet at the country club patio and pool , and an orchestra will play for dancing .
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days .
Ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women .
bluebonnets and stagecoach silhouettes .
There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests .
Mr. and Mrs. Phil G. Abell are chairmen for the Saledo trip .
The travel club is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto `` Go Somewhere , Anywhere , Everywhere '' .
Their activities will be climaxed in the spring of 1962 when they go to Europe .
In the past , the men and women have chartered planes to Las Vegas and Jamaica , buses to Mineral Wells and Kerrville and private railway coaches to Shreveport and Galveston .
Four parties are given a year .
Two of these are in or near Dallas and the others away from the vicinity .
Serving on the club's board are Mmes R. P. Anderson , president ; ;
A. F. Schmalzried , secretary ; ;
W. H. Roquemore , treasurer , and the following chairmen : Mmes McKee , publicity ; ;
A cookie with caramel filling and chocolate frosting won $25,000 for a Minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual Pillsbury Bake-Off Tuesday .
Mrs. Reese entered 10 past bake-offs before she got into the finals .
She lives in Wellsville , Mo. .
Mrs. Reese baked her cookies for only the third time in the Bake-off finals .
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Bolker will give a dinner on Friday at their home in Beverly Hills to honor Mrs. Norman Chandler , chairman of the Music Center Building Fund Committee , and Mr. Chandler .
Mr. Bolker heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts .
A feature of the party will be a presentation by Welton Becket , center architect , of color slides and renderings of the three-building complex .
Foliage will glow at formal fall party
Guests from across U.S. honor Dr. Swim
He started practice in 1917 , and served on the State Board of Medical Examiners .
Giving up the violin opened a whole new career for Ilona Schmidl-Seeberg , a tiny Hungarian who Fritz Kreisler had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage .
A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing .
Her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian uprisings in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna .
There they continued their studies at the university , she in art , he in architecture .
What most people don't seem to realize , if they aren't tied up with the thing as I am , is that 90% of the problem is transportation .
They either walked or were driven .
It's much more complex than that .
Generally , they go to school with a girl named Gloriana , who lives down the block , and has a car .
A young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is , and is also a girl .
`` Why don't you walk to school then '' ? ?
`` No '' , I said , `` I didn't happen to grow up in Illinois '' .
I explained , however , that I had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom .
Sometimes I got on the wrong car and didn't get to school at all , but wound up at the ocean , or some other dismal place , and had to spend the day there .
When they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car .
She has to have at least one car herself .
I feel a certain loss of status when I am driven up in front of work in a car driven by my wife , who is only a woman .
They say that when they take a car , Gloriana doesn't take her car , but rides with them .
The logic of that is impeccable , of course , except that I feel like a fool being driven up to work in a little car , by my wife , when everybody knows I have a big car and am capable of driving myself .
The solution , naturally , is the bus .
My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there .
But that's hardly realistic .
Advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week .
Published annually by William Hord Richardson , the 1962 edition , subtitled Society Register of Southern California , is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman .
Publisher Richardson has updated the Blue Book `` but it still remains the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers , addresses , other residences , club affiliations and marriages '' .
Stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year .
Last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of Meredith Jane Cooper , daughter of the Grant B. Coopers , to Robert Knox Worrell , and of Mary Alice Ghormley to Willard Pen Tudor .
Cynthia Flower , daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr. , to Todd Huntington , son of the David Huntingtons .
Pasadena listings
Changes in address are noted .
The Richard Beesemyers , formerly of Connecticut , have returned to Southern California and are now residing on South Arden Blvd. .
Displayed as lamps , the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent .
Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted `` L '' , the foot of the `` L '' about three inches long , so that the puppet can hang directly under the light .
If the puppets are of uniform size , you can change them in accord with your child's whims .
The scalloped edge is particularly appealing .
So junior's bedroom was usually tricked out with heavy , nondescript pieces that supposedly could take the `` hard knocks '' , while the fine secretary was relegated to the parlor where it was for show only .
This isn't true of the many homemakers of the 1960's , according to decorator consultant , Leland Alden .
Housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs , says Mr. Alden and they are doing it largely because Colonial craftsmen had `` an innate sense of the practical '' .
Solid investment
Hotel Escape's Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction , the versatile `` Kings 4 , Plus Two '' .
This is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while -- a well integrated , fast moving outfit specializing in skits , vocals , comedy and instrumentals all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch .
The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine , and the beat is solid .
In the comedy division , the Kings simply augment talent and imagination with a few props .
Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense , part of which can be classed as pure slapstick .
Kings 4 , have rated as a popular act in Vegas and Western nightclubs .
If they can't chalk up big business here then let's stop this noise about how hip we are , and stick to our community singing ,
elsewhere
The Cumbancheros , Latin combo , open Tuesday at the Four O'Clock Club .
`` Flip '' Phillips for a return engagement at Fireside Steak Ranch Wednesday ; ;
same date , Johnny LaSalle trio to the Jolly Roger .
Johnny Leighton picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he's springing on the ringsiders in the Rum House at Galt Ocean Mile Hotel .
`` Skip '' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren , Kay Martin , the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz , he says .
Al Fike , an ex-schoolteacher from Colorado , is currently pursuing the three R's -- rhythm , reminiscence and repartee -- in a return class session at the Trade Winds Hotel .
Maestro's biggest stock in trade is his personality , and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience .
This is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times , but is nevertheless worth your appraisal .
New owners
Spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job .
Bandstand features Hal DeCicco , pianist , for both dinner hour and the late trade .
The Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing .
Herbert Heilman in town for a day .
Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain , Ohio , may preclude his return here until after Oct. 20 , date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise .
Sunday New Orleans brunches continue at the Trade Winds but the daily French buffets have been called off .
Mackey Airline's new Sunshine Inn at Bimini set to open some time this month , according to Hank Johnson .
Don Drinkhouse of Pal's Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami Playboy Club's pianist , Julian Gould .
Two were in the same band 18 years ago ; ;
Don , who played drums , hasn't seen his chum since .
Steak House has such a run on beer to wash down that Mexican food `` Tex '' Burgess had to call the draft man twice in one day .
faces in places
Pualani and Randy Avon , Dave Searles , George ( Papa ) Gill , Al Bandish , Jim Morgart , Bob Neil at the Mouse Trap .
Bea Morley , Jimmy Fazio , Jim O'Hare , Ralph Michaels , Bill and Evelyn Perry at the Escape .
Murphy honors
hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province .
Her invitation from Premier Joseph Smallwood is reported to be the only one extended to a woman .
Fort Lauderdale
`` Le Theatre D'Art Du Ballet '' , of Monte Carlo , will present a program of four ballets including `` Francesca Da Rimini '' .
Performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra .
Jorge Bolet , pianist , on Feb. 23 ; ;
Orlando , Oct. 10 ; ;
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world ? ?
At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged .
He was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing .
And he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote -- a Biblically strong Christianity .
This Sunday those attending the second session will hear a lecture by Kern on the world situation ; ;
a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by Ted Slack , another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami ; ;
and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days , by Ted Place , director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ , and Jon Braun , director of Campus Crusade for Christ .
The second half of the film `` Communism on the Map '' and the movie `` Operation Abolition '' also will be shown .
And to encourage other churches to try their own programs , Kern said this Sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations .
It will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral Gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the twice-a-year ceremonies for families with new babies .
But after that service , they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table , have bedtime prayers , and Bible stories .
To their surprise , the children all were eager and quite able to take part .
Even the two-year-old feels miffed if the family has a prayer-time without her .
He is the sexton of the church .
A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m. .
To start the week of special programs at the church , the Rev. John D. Henderson will preach on `` A Successful Marriage '' at 9:40 and 11 a.m. Sunday .
The resignation of the Rev. Warren I. Densmore , headmaster of St. Stephen's Episcopal Day School in Coconut Grove , becomes effective July 15 .
Enrique Jorda , conductor and musical director of the San Francisco Symphony , will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in Europe before returning home to open the symphony's Golden Anniversary season , it was announced .
The guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18 , with the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo and the Orchestra of Radio Cologne .
pianists Leon Fleisher , Ruth Slenczynka and Stephen Bishop and conductor Earl Bernard Murray .
The Leningrad Kirov Ballet , which opened a series of performances Friday night at the Opera House , is , I think , the finest `` classical '' ballet company I have ever seen , and the production of the Petipa-Tschaikowsky `` Sleeping Beauty '' with which it began the series is incomparably the finest I have ever had the pleasure of witnessing .
This work is no favorite of mine .
I am prepared to demonstrate at anytime that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most vulgar , infantile , and reactionary aspect ; ;
that its choreography is undistinguished and its score a shapeless assemblage of self-plagiarisms .
Precise
The reasons for this enchantment are numerous , but most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' .
In other words , no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet .
Alla Sizova , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , Yuri Soloviev , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of Nijinsky .
Vladilen Semenov , a fine `` danseur noble '' ; ;
Konstantin Shatilov , a great character dancer ; ;
The production , designed by Simon Virsaladze , was completely traditional but traditional in the right way .
The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players .
annual members may attend for $16 .
San Francisco firemen busied themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children .
Requests must be mailed in by December 5 .
Famed cellist Pablo Casals took his instrument to the East Room of the White House yesterday and charmed the staff with a two-hour rehearsal .
President Kennedy's invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' .
For A good many seasons I've been looking at the naughty stuff on television , so the other night I thought I ought to see how immorality is doing on the other side of the fence in movies .
It has been billed as a towering monument to immorality .
If that's all the Romans did , it's a surprise to me that Rome fell .
Week in , week out , there is more sex to be seen in `` The Adventures Of Ozzie And Harriet '' .
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series .
Most of the emphasis has been placed on a `` wild party '' at a seaside villa .
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face ; ;
Put them all together and they spell out the only four-letter word I can think of : dull .
And when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing .
Person To Person ventilates the home lives of Johnny Mercer and Joan Collins -- both in Southern California ( Channel 5 at 10:30 ) KQED Summer Music Festival features a live concert by the Capello De Musica ( Channel 9 at 8:30 ) .
`` Science In Action '' , San Francisco's venerable television program , will be seen in Hong Kong this fall in four languages : Mandarin , Cantonese , Chiuchow and English , according to a tip from Dr. Robert C. Miller .
I bought a new little foreign bomb .
It is a British bomb .
It is very chic to drive foreign cars .
`` Where do you put the lighter fluid , ha , ha '' ? ?
Asked the gas station man .
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor .
This excellent foreign bomb takes only six .
Check the oil and water , sir ? ?
They had a loving touch .
`` What kind of car is it '' ? ?
`` It is a British Austin , the smallest they make '' .
`` Get much mileage '' ? ?
`` About 35 '' .
The gas station man sighed unhappily .
Crunch , that's all she wrote '' .
`` I will die rich '' .
`` That will be $1.80 '' , said the gas station man .
`` The windshield looks pretty clean '' .
When I wheeled about , finned fore and aft , I was the darling of the doormen .
Dollar bills skidded off my hands and they tipped their caps politely .
With a small bomb , I tuck it between Cadillacs .
The American Institute of Decorators has acquired a rare complete set of sofas and chairs which are to be placed in the Executive Mansion's library .
The AID has undertaken the redecoration of the White House library as a project in connection with the work being done by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy's Fine Arts Advisory Committee to secure antiques for the presidential home .
The room will also feature another rarity many antiquarians would consider more important than the Duncan Phyfe furniture .
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to Samuel McIntyre of Salem , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 .
The mantel was found in a recently demolished Salem house and is being fitted over the White House library fireplace .
President Kennedy couldn't stay away from his desk for the 75-minute young people's concert played on the White House lawn yesterday by the 85-piece Transylvania Symphony Orchestra from Brevard , N. C. .
She was not present yesterday , however , to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience .
As he approached the open bandstand , erected facing the South entrance to the Executive Mansion , the band struck up the `` Star Spangled Banner '' and followed it with `` Hail To The Chief '' .
`` I think they played Hail To The Chief better than the Marine Corps Band , and we are grateful to them '' , President Kennedy remarked after mounting the bandstand and shaking hands with conductor James Christian Pfohl .
He added `` I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field '' .
Displaying his knowledge of music , the New England-born President remarked that `` probably the best chamber music in the world is played in Vermont , by young Americans -- and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers , and their work is being duplicated all across the United States .
`` This is a great national cultural asset , and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me , representing as I do today my wife , to welcome all of you here today at the White House '' .
As he left the bandstand to return to his office , the slender , sun-tanned Chief Executive paused along the way to shake hands with the members of the audience in wheel chairs forming the first row under the field tent set up for the guests .
Patricia now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District .
Many of the music-loving members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience .
He said he contacted a friend , Henry Hall Wilson , on the President's staff and asked whether his orchestra could play , in the series .
`` I've been here so many times I couldn't count them '' .
The Brevard group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p.m. , remaining for about 45 minutes .
they noticed Roman buildings in the background of Raphael's `` Alba Madonna '' and `` texture '' in a Monet painting of Rheims Cathedral .
Gallery Director John Walker greeted the group , standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them .
Along with the gallery aide who explained the various paintings and sculptures to each group , went one of the Gallery's blue-uniformed guards .
A few of them said they `` preferred contemporary art '' .
Among the other artists , whose paintings were discussed were Boucher , Courbet , Fra Angelico .
The thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the Gallery's rotunda fountain `` because it's on the second floor '' .
A reception and tea followed .
Mary decided she had had enough .
The judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her frustrations -- then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer .
They offer to the people of this community case work service and counseling on a wide variety of family problems .
For nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce .
But to the families it serves , their help cannot be measured .
Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund .
Anticipated heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to materialize yesterday , park rangers said , and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze .
One of the initial questions put to President Kennedy at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier Khrushchev .
The President knew that a confrontation with Mr. Khrushchev sooner or later probably was inevitable and even desirable .
But he was convinced that the realities of power -- military , economic and ideological -- were the decisive factors in the struggle with the Communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting .
He wanted to buy time to strengthen the U. S. and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy .
That objective set the high stakes and drama of the Vienna meeting .
Road to Vienna
The spirit served chiefly to lull the West while Moscow made inroads into the Middle East .
On the third occasion -- another Big Four summit session at Paris a year ago -- there was no problem of an illusory `` spirit '' .
Pre-inaugural position
Above all , he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to Premier Khrushchev's doorstep .
Ideally , he knew , it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels .
But it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with Mr. Khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted .
Developments over the next two months , however , caused the President to reconsider the question of the timing .
In the U. S. , strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing .
There was reason to believe that Premier Khrushchev was also concerned about a possible spread of nuclear weapons , particularly to Communist China .
Moreover , Moscow appeared determined to apply the tripartite veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies , including the U. N. Secretariat and the International Control Commission for Laos .
Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting .
At the same time , there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader , as a result of those episodes , come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure .
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized '' on Soviet terms .
As a result , the West is in a poor bargaining position at the current Geneva negotiations on Laos , and South Vietnam and other nations in Southeast Asia are under increased pressure .
In the light of those events , there appeared to be a real danger that Premier Khrushchev might overreach himself .
He has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out .
The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier Khrushchev against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin , Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back .
Mr. Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies .
The approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at Vienna .
Premier Khrushchev has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway .
Finally , there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the President's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test accord .
Mollusks are a case in point .
The deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades , rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that .
By way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence .
certainly not in the same sense that the establishment of a parochial school system has been a matter of official policy .
American Catholics have responded generously to bishops' and pastors' appeals for the support necessary to create parochial schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning .
They have not done so for the simple reason that such appeals have hardly ever been made .
Yet for better or for worse , the truth of the matter is that most American Catholic colleges do not owe their existence to general Catholic support but rather to the initiative , resourcefulness and sacrifices of individual religious communities .
To understand the past history -- and the future potential -- of American Catholic higher education , it is necessary to appreciate the special character of the esprit de corps of the religious community .
A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere .
The fact that the group orientation and group identification are founded on supernatural principles and nourished by the well-springs of devotion simply give them a deeper and more satisfying dimension .
The net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of comradeship , the kind of comradeship which sparks enthusiasm and blunts the cutting edge of sacrifice and hardship .
American Catholic colleges and universities are , in a very real sense , the product of `` private enterprise '' -- the `` private enterprise '' of religious communities .
This `` family-community '' spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement .
Apart , however , from the question of wasteful duplication , there is another aspect of the `` family business '' spirit in American Catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny .
For while the past needs of the Church in this country may have been adequately met by collegiate institutions , which in temper and tone closely resembled junior colleges and finishing schools , it would seem that today's need is for the college which more closely resembles the university in its `` pursuit of excellence '' .
In the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors , the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it : `` Even with the best of intentions he ( the President of the university ) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which , considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms , is inhomogeneous , mortal and of extremely varying temperament , interests and capabilities .
The pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame : it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by `` the organization which actually owns '' it , becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished `` outside '' faculty .
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension .
But in any case , one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one .
`` Outside '' faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business .
In the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel .
Expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already existing stereotype .
In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere .
Religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to underestimate both the layman's reservoir of idealism and his need for this identification .
The college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication , even informal debates over the luncheon table , are a contribution to the total good of the institution .
But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation .
The second reason for being concerned with the dichotomy between faculty members who are part of the `` in-group '' that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees , is , therefore , the baneful effect on the caliber of the teaching itself .
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure .
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order .
The first is a negative warning : there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with high-sounding titles but no real authority .
In the case of academic personnel the `` feeling '' of participation can hardly be `` faked '' .
Competent teachers are well versed in the technique of leading students to pre-set conclusions without destroying the students' illusion that they are making their own decisions .
In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all .
In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution , have their own eating arrangements .
Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally .
The public atmosphere that has been generated which makes acceptance of this law a possibility stems from the disrepute into which the labor movement has fallen as a result of Mr. McClellan's hearings into corruption in labor-management relations and , later , into the jurisdictional squabbles that plagued industrial relations at the missile sites .
The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete , but along completely undefined lines ; ;
Hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy .
Let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which General Electric , Westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and allocate the market .
Accounting procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price .
Naturally , enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time .
Should these giants really flex their competitive muscles , they would become the only survivors in the industry .
Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competition '' .
Under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted .
The paradox implicit in the whole affair is shown by the demand of the government , after the conviction , that General Electric sign a wide-open consent decree that it would not reduce prices so low as to compete seriously with its fellows .
( P. 214 ) anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship .
This escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while .
A plea of nolo contendere , followed by a nominal fine , after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license .
If a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market , quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest .
A secret conspiracy of manufacturers is hardly such a vehicle .
Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union .
Eighteenth-century England , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies .
In 1825 , the Boston house carpenters' strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers , who declared : `` It is considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to effect the value of labor tend to convert all its branches into monopolies '' .
The courts shared the opinion of the employers .
His bill , allegedly aimed at Hoffa , would amend the Sherman , Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international .
The passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant monopolies .
The law could not suspend economics .
The courts , by interpretation , emasculated the act .
Afterward , Tennessee's Democratic Senator Albert Gore summed it up for newsmen .
1 ) Cuba .
Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery , Dictator Fidel Castro suddenly confronted the U.S. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the U.S. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U.S. citizens , plus 120 Cuban employees ) .
Kennedy , through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk , declined .
After a White House huddle between the President and top lieutenants , the Defense Department reacted sharply to a cry from the pro-Western government of Laos that several battalions of Communist troops had invaded Laos from North Viet Nam .
`` In view of the present situation in Laos '' , said the Pentagon's announcement , `` we are taking normal precautionary actions to increase the readiness of our forces in the Pacific '' .
Cutting short a holiday at Hong Kong , the aircraft carriers Lexington and Bennington steamed off into the South China Sea , accompanied by a swarm of destroyers , plus troopships loaded with marines .
But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the U.S. was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-Western -- government might be best for Laos .
The late Secretary of State John Foster Dulles considered the 1954 Geneva agreement a specimen of appeasement , saw that resolution would be needed to keep it from becoming a calamity for the West .
`` The important thing from now on '' , he said , `` is not to mourn the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern Viet Nam from leading to the extension of Communism throughout Southeast Asia '' .
Russian tanks and artillery parading through the streets of Havana , Russian intrigue in the Congo , and Russian arms drops in Laos ( using the same Ilyushin transports that were used to carry Communist agents to the Congo ) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time .
turmoil in the House
As the 87th Congress began its sessions last week , liberal Democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the sluice gates controlled by the House Rules Committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor .
The liberal pressure bloc ( which coyly masquerades under the name Democratic Study Group ) had fought the committee before , and had always lost .
And counting noses , they seemed to have the votes to work their will .
There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules Committee : 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely Mississippi's 14-term William Meyers Colmer ( pronounced Calmer ) .
There his vote , along with those of Chairman Howard Smith , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) .
In 1949 the Dixiecrats escaped unscathed after their 1948 rebellion against Harry Truman , and in 1957 , after Congressman Adam Clayton Powell campaigned for Dwight Eisenhower in 1956 , his fellow Democrats did not touch his committee assignments , although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage .
( In the heat of the anti-Colmer drive last week , Judge Smith threatened reprisal against Powell .
) But Speaker Sam Rayburn , after huddling in Palm Beach with President-elect Kennedy , decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules Committee -- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective .
In a tense , closed-door session with Judge Smith , Rayburn attempted to work out a compromise : to add three new members to the Rules Committee ( two Democrats , including one Southerner , and one Republican ) .
The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news : he would lead the fight to oust Colmer , whom he is said to regard as `` an inferior man '' .
`` Unconscionable '' ! !
He shouted , and rushed off to the Speaker's Room to object : `` A dangerous precedent '' ! !
Cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces : as chairman of the Appropriations Committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects .
As the battle raged in the cloakrooms and caucuses , it became clear that Judge Smith could lose .
His highest count of supporters numbered 72 -- and he needed nearly twice that number to control the 260-member Democratic caucus .
The liberals , smelling blood , were faced with the necessity of winning three big votes -- in the Democratic Committee on Committees , in the full party caucus , and on the floor of the House -- before they could oust Colmer .
But in the prospect of winning the battle loomed the specter of losing a costlier war .
If the Southerners were sufficiently aroused , they could very well cut the Kennedy legislative program to ribbons from their vantage point of committee chairmanships , leaving Sam Rayburn leading a truncated , unworkable party .
`` Here are two old men , mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone '' , said a House Democratic leader .
`` One wants a little more power , and the other doesn't want to give up any '' .
Battle in the senate
The Senate launched the 87th Congress with its own version of an ancient liberal-conservative battle , but in contrast with the House's guerrilla war it seemed as pro forma as a Capitol guide's speech .
Privately , they also admitted that their hopes for Clint Anderson's three-fifths modification depended on none other than Republican Richard Nixon .
Armed with the Nixon opinion , the Senate liberals rounded up their slim majority and prepared to choke off debate on the filibuster battle this week .
Hopefully , the perennial battle of Rule 22 then would be fought to a settlement once and for all .
Since Election Day , Vice President Richard Nixon had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view .
`` This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated '' , he said .
Arnold Palmer , the defending champion , lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief .
`` Just when you think you have it licked , this golf course can get up and bite you '' , Player had said one afternoon midway through the tournament .
And that is just what happened on the last few holes .
Player was the first to feel its teeth .
After playing a splendid first nine holes in 34 -- two strokes under par -- on this fifth and final day of the tournament ( Sunday's fourth round had been washed out by a violent rainstorm when it was only half completed ) , Player's game rapidly fell to pieces .
He bogeyed the 10th .
After a journey through woods and stream he double-bogeyed the 13th .
As he signed his scorecard and walked off the course , Player was almost in tears .
Palmer had started the round four strokes behind Player , and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes .
Now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the trophy and the biggest single paycheck in golf .
In trying to hit it out with a sand wedge Palmer bounced the ball over the green , past spectators and down the slope toward a TV tower .
He did seem hasty on his second and third shots , but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while Coe graciously putted out , giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure , which he had quite visibly lost .
But Palmer knew , as did everybody else at Augusta , that his streak was about to be broken .
As if to confirm his stature , he quickly won three of the first eight tournaments .
Player won only one .
But as the tour reached Pensacola a month ago , Player was leading Palmer in official winnings by a few hundred dollars , and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere .
On the final round at Pensacola , the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and , although it was far from obvious at the time , the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come .
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71 .
The usually skiddy greens were moist and soft , so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the flag-stick and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences .
or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ;
( On Thursday nobody except Charlie Coe was thinking of Charlie Coe .
)
Player began with a birdie on the first hole , added five straight pars and then another birdie at the 9th .
On the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament .
Starting half an hour behind Player in company with British Open Champion Kel Nagle , Palmer birdied the 2nd , the 9th , the 13th and the 16th -- four birdies , one bogey and 13 pars for a 69 .
The roar of Palmer's gallery as he sank a thrilling putt would roll out across the parklike landscape of Augusta , only to be answered moments later by the roar of Player's gallery for a similar triumph .
At one point late in the day , when Palmer was lining up a 25-foot putt on the 16th , a thunderous cheer from the direction of the 18th green unmistakably announced that Player had birdied the final hole .
Without so much as a grimace or a gesture to show that he had noticed ( although he later admitted that he had ) Palmer proceeded to sink his 25-footer , and his gallery sent its explosive vocalization rolling back along the intervening fairways in reply .
It is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a vehemence bordering on violence .
Bob Jones played that way .
And last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did .
This day Palmer had started first .
As Player stepped on the first tee he knew that Palmer had birdied the first two holes and already was 2 under par for the day .
Having hit one of the trees , the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out .
When you're playing like that you'd better attack '' .
Player attacked with his four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget .
It struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge .
On this day the wind had switched 180-degrees from the northwest to the southeast , and nearly every shot on the course was different from the previous few days .
When Roger Eugene Maris , Mantle's muscular teammate , powers four home runs in a double-header , his performance merits awe .
It is the year when ( 1 ) amiable Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles ambled to the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and , in unprecedented style , delivered consecutive grand-slam home runs ; ;
( 3 ) the Milwaukee Braves tied a major-league record with fourteen home runs in three games and lost two of them ; ;
Of all the records in peril , one stands apart , dramatic in its making , dramatic in its endurance , and now , doubly dramatic in its jeopardy .
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge .
Always , in the abortive attacks upon Ruth's record , one man alone -- a Jimmy Foxx ( 58 in 1932 ) or a Hank Greenberg ( 58 in 1938 ) or a Hack Wilson ( 56 in 1930 ) -- made the bid .
But now , for the first time since Lou Gehrig ( with 47 home runs ) spurred Ruth on in 1927 , two men playing for the same team have zeroed in on 60 .
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them .
In Ruth's day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games .
)
How can you walk Maris to get to Mantle '' ? ?
But one thing is for certain : There is no dissension between Mantle , the American League's Most Valuable Player in 1956 and 1957 , and Maris , the MVP in 1960 .
The sluggers get along so well in fact , that with their families at home for the summer ( Mantle's in Dallas , Maris's in Kansas City ) , they are rooming together .
Mantle , Maris , and Bob Cerv , a utility outfielder , share an apartment in Jamaica , Long Island , not far from New York International Airport .
Mantle and Cerv use the twin beds in the bedroom ; ;
Maris sleeps on a green studio couch in the living room .
They divide up the household chores : Cerv does most of the cooking ( breakfast and sandwich snacks , with dinner out ) , Mantle supplies the transportation ( a white 1961 Oldsmobile convertible ) , and Maris drives the 25-minute course from the apartment house to Yankee Stadium .
As roommates , teammates , and home-run mates , Mantle , 29 , who broke in with the Yankees ten years ago , and Maris , 26 , who came to the Yankees from Kansas City two years ago , have strikingly similar backgrounds .
Both were scholastic stars in football , basketball , and baseball ( Mantle in Commerce , Okla. , Maris in Fargo , N.D. ) ; ;
as halfbacks , both came close to playing football at the University of Oklahoma ( `` Sometimes in the minors '' , Maris recalls , `` I wished I had gone to Oklahoma '' ) .
To an extent , the two even look alike .
Both have blue eyes and short blond hair .
Both are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds , but Mantle , incredibly muscular ( he has a 17-1/2-inch neck ) , looks bigger .
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer .
What is surprising and pleasant is that Mantle and Maris , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative .
He said , pointing to a dark-haired 11-year-old boy .
Benched at Tulsa in 1955 , he told manager Dutch Meyer : `` I can't play for you .
Play me '' .
( Farrell did -- and Maris led the team to victory in the Little World Series .
One good indication of the two men's personalities is the way they reacted to meeting their own heroes .
`` When you came up to the majors , did you seek out Williams for advice '' ? ?
Said Maris .
He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star , this never would be said of him '' .
If working in a zinc mine , which he once did for 87-1/2 cents an hour , paid more than playing center field for the Yankees , Mantle would work in a zinc mine .
Mantle , beyond any question , can do more things well .
( `` One of the reasons they get along fine '' , says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men , `` is that both realize Mantle is head-and-shoulders above Maris '' .
Both are good bunters : Maris once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues ; ;
Yet with all their skills , the appeal of Mantle and Maris in 1961 comes down to one basic : The home run .
In 1920 , as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out , fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball .
As the plans were laid , some several thousand fat cats were to be ensconced in the armory's $100 seats and in 68 ringside boxes priced at $10,000 each .
Said Leatherneck Shoup : `` A year ago I took the grips of the plow in my hands .
But Shoup also gave the Corps a tilling in spots .
the officer with the yellow socks or the bay window .
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate , then went their respective ways .
At a reception for new members of Congress , Oregon Democrat Maurine Neuberger , taking the Senate seat held by her husband Richard until his death last March , got a brotherly buss from Democratic Elder Statesman Adlai Stevenson , U.S. Ambassador-designate to the U.N. .
The most famous undergraduate of South Philadelphia High School is a current bobby-sox idol , Dreamboat Cacophonist Fabian ( real name : Fabian Forte ) , 17 , and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while .
The principal of the school announced that -- despite the help of private tutors in Hollywood and Philadelphia -- Fabian is a 10-o'clock scholar in English and mathematics .
Lacking his needed credits in those subjects , Fabian will not graduate with his old classmates next week .
South Philadelphia High's principal added that the current delay was caused by the `` pressure '' of a movie that the toneless lad was making .
Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix , Britain's balding Ace Driver Stirling Moss , 31 , all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination .
`` I'm a slob '' , he announced .
It gets so frustrating , but then again I don't know what I could do if I gave up racing '' .
Has Moss no stirling virtues ? ?
`` I appreciate beauty '' .
Chaplin , 71 , who met K. when the Soviet boss visited England in 1956 , confided that he hopes to visit Russia some time this summer because `` I have marveled at your grandiose experiment and I believe in your future '' .
G. David Thompson is one of those names known to the stewards of transatlantic jetliners and to doormen in Europe's best hotels , but he is somewhat of an enigma to most people in his own home town of Pittsburgh .
Last week , in the German city of Dusseldorf , G. David Thompson was making headlines that could well give Pittsburgh pause .
He made his fortune during World War 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom .
He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , and the Museum of Modern Art's Alfred Barr said of him : `` I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about '' .
He might barge into a gallery , start haggling over prices without so much as a word of greeting .
He bought up Cezannes , Braques , Matisses , Legers , a splendid Picasso series , more than 70 Giacometti sculptures .
Pittsburgh turned him down , just as Pittsburgh society had been snubbing him for years .
Thompson himself said : `` I want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures '' .
Break in Georgia
The University of Georgia has long claimed that it does not discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race or color .
But in all its 175 years , not a single Negro student has entered its classrooms .
For 18 months , Hamilton Holmes , 19 , and Charlayne Hunter , 18 , had tried to get into the university .
They graduated together from Atlanta's Turner High School , where Valedictorian Holmes was first in the class and Charlayne third .
The university rejected them on a variety of pretexts , but was careful never to mention the color of their skins .
But Holmes was rejected again `` on the basis of his record and interview '' .
No , said he , but officials still called him `` evasive '' .
Their reason : Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine , had his license suspended .
Judge Bootle's decision : `` The two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color '' .
The state will appeal -- but few think it will actually try to close the university .
`` Surprised and pleased '' , Students Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week .
When the University of Chicago's Chancellor Lawrence A. Kimpton submitted his resignation last March , a mighty talent hunt gripped the Midway .
Out went letters to 60,000 old grads , asking for suggestions .
Two committees pondered 375 possible Kimpton successors , including Adlai Stevenson , Richard Nixon , and Harvard's Dean McGeorge Bundy .
Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) .
But he has shown a sixth-sense ability to spot , recruit and excite able researchers , and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and speech-making .
By force , he took under his protection , or stole , 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa .
The population of the Congo is 13.5 million , divided into at least seven major `` culture clusters '' and innumerable tribes speaking 400 separate dialects .
The religions of the people include Christianity , Mohammedanism , paganism , ancestor worship and animism .
The climate ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate .
At first the Belgian royal family administered the Congo as its own private property .
The colony was administered from Brussels , with neither the Congolese nor the resident Belgians having any vote .
they put much effort into public housing .
Would not the children , if they received all their food on the first day of the month , eat it up immediately , and later go hungry ? ?
Some schools were technical -- the Belgians needed carpenters and mechanics to help exploit the land , and trained many .
But they did not believe in widespread secondary education , much less in college .
In one large oversimplification , it might be said that the Belgians felt , far too late , the gale of nationalism sweeping Africa .
'' ( Not one drop of blood ! !
The Belgians would not fight for the privilege of being the detested pedagogue ; ;
It is hard to blame them for this .
First , there were those Congolese ( among them Joseph Kasavubu ) who favored splitting the country into small independent states , Balkanizing it .
Second , there were those ( Moise Tshombe ) who favored near-Balkanization , a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority , with much power residing in the states .
Third , there were those ( notably Patrice Lumumba ) who favored a unified Congo with a very strong central government .
And fourth , there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up .
A final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the Congo , immediately after independence , was the provincial structure that had been established by the Belgians for convenience in administration .
If internal frictions arose , they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army , the Force Publique , which had been trained and was still officered by white Belgians .
The president , Joseph Kasavubu , seemed an able administrator and the premier , Patrice Lumumba , a reasonable man .
Terror engulfed the thousands of Belgian civilians who had remained in the country .
each succeeding day brought new acts of violence .
Lumumba and Kasavubu blamed it all on the military intervention by the Belgians , and appealed to the United Nations to send troops to oust them .
''
Secretary-General Hammarskjold decided that it would be preferable if the U.N. troops sent into the Congo were to come from African , or at least nonwhite , nations -- certainly not from the U.S. , Russia , Great Britain or France .
Before appealing to the U.N. or to Russia , he first appealed to the U.S. for military help , and was rejected .
President Kasavubu became exasperated with Lumumba and fired him .
Control of the government -- such control as there was and such government as there was -- passed into the hands of Joseph Mobutu , chief of staff of the Congolese army .
The Belgians -- at least officially -- departed from the Congo as well , withdrawing all of their uniformed troops .
There was no directive for it -- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters , and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation , whether to unify it , federalize it or Balkanize it .
It also urged that the U.N. eject , and prevent the return of , all Belgian and other foreign military and political advisers ; ;
ordered an investigation of Lumumba's death ; ;
urged the reconvention of the Congolese Parliament and the reorganization of the army .
The presidency : talking and listening
On this issue , the President received a detailed report from his U.N. Ambassador Adlai Stevenson , who had just returned from Paris , and Mr. Kennedy asked Stevenson to search for a face-saving way -- for both Paris and Tunis -- out of the imbroglio .
Ideally , the President would like the French to agree on a `` status quo ante '' on Bizerte , and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base .
To continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems , Mr. Kennedy invited Stevenson to Cape Cod for the weekend .
The conversation apparently convinced Mr. Kennedy that the positions of France and Tunisia were not irreconcilable .
and one U.S. official said : `` The key question now is which side picks up the phone first '' .
Main purpose of the meeting : To discuss President Kennedy's Alliance for Progress .
In conferences with Nationalist China's dapper , diminutive Vice President Chen Cheng , Mr. Kennedy assured Chiang Kai-shek's emissary that the U.S. is as firmly opposed as ever to the admission of Red China to the United Nations .
From International Airport in Los Angeles to International Airport in Houston , as the great four-jet Boeing 707 flies , is a routine five hours and 25 minutes , including stopovers at Phoenix , El Paso , and San Antonio .
When Continental Airlines night-coach Flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week , there was no reason to think it would take any longer .
The plane put down on schedule at 1:35 a.m. in Phoenix .
Thirty-one minutes later , when it took off for El Paso , hardly anyone of the crew of six or the 65 other passengers paid any attention to the man and teen-age boy who had come aboard .
`` The man was bent over with his hand on his stomach '' , Berry said .
John Salvador , a farmer from Palm Desert , Calif. , was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit .
But last week's pirates , like the Cuban-American who recently hijacked an Eastern Airlines Electra ( Newsweek , Aug. 7 ) , wanted to go to Havana .
Stalling :
`` Tell your company there are four of us here with guns '' , the elder man told Rickards .
But , he told the `` skyjackers '' , the 707 didn't carry enough fuel to reach Havana ; ;
they would have to refuel at El Paso .
Most passengers didn't know what had happened until they got on the ground .
Jerry McCauley of Sacramento , Calif. , one of some twenty Air Force recruits on board , awoke from a nap in confusion .
What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages , along with the crew .
Fred Mullen from Mercer Island , Wash. ; ;
Everybody else was allowed to file off the plane after it touched down at El Paso at 4:18 a.m. .
Other FBI men , talking with the pilot from the tower , conspired with him to delay the proposed flight to Havana .
Tension
The father , by accident or perhaps to show , as he said , `` we mean business '' , took the and fired a slug between the legs of Second Officer Norman Simmons .
the plane slowed to a halt .
Ambulances , baggage trucks , and cars surrounded it .
The day wore on .
Gilman started talking to him until he saw his chance .
He caught officer Simmons' eye , nodded toward young Bearden , and -- `` I swung my right as hard as I could .
Frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m. , the Beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines .
( Bearden reportedly hoped to peddle the plane to Castro , and live high in Cuba .
Congress : more muscle
Taking precedence over all other legislation on Capitol Hill last week was the military strength of the nation .
The Senate put other business aside as it moved with unaccustomed speed and unanimity to pass -- 85 to 0 -- the largest peacetime defense budget in U.S. history .
( The Senate , on its own , decided to provide additional B-52 and other long-range bombers for the Strategic Air Command .
In other areas , Congressional action last week included :
The Senate ( by voice vote ) and the House ( by 224-170 ) passed and sent to the White House the compromise farm bill which the President is expected to sign , not too unhappily .
Debate on the all-important foreign-aid bill , with its controversial long-range proposals , had just begun on the Senate floor at the weekend .
Over the years , enlivened chiefly by disputes about the relative merits of Maine and Idaho potatoes , the menu has pursued its drab all-American course .
Individual senators , with an eye to the voters back home , occasionally introduced smelts from Michigan , soft-shell crabs from Maryland , oysters from Washington , grapefruit from Florida .
Holders of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the turnpikes .
Long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward .
Result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative .
Things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds .
As a result of the new outlook for turnpikes , investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments .
On these bonds , price rises since February 21 easily outnumber price declines .
Tax-free returns .
And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds .
It's not much more , in fact , than the return that is offered on U. S. Treasury bonds .
For investors whose income is taxed at high rates , though , a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high .
The report is based on a survey by Blyth & Company , investment bankers .
And there is the bright note : The gains were achieved in the face of temporary traffic lags late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business recession .
Indication : The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward .
Look , for example , at the Ohio Turnpike .
Traffic on that road slumped sharply in January and February , as compared with those same months in 1960 .
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston .
In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves .
Success , for many turnpikes , has come hard .
Many rate increases already have been put into effect .
Higher tolls are planned for July 1 , 1961 , on the Richmond-Petersburg , Va. , Turnpike , and proposals for increased tolls on the Texas Turnpike are under study .
Easier access .
Progress is being made , too , in improving motorists' access to many turnpikes .
The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration .
Net earnings of that road rose from 62 per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended Feb. 28 , 1961 .
Further improvements in earnings of the Kansas Turnpike are expected late in 1961 , with the opening of a new bypass at Wichita , and still later when the turnpike gets downtown connections in both Kansas City , Kans. , and Kansas City , Mo. .
Investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals .
Traffic and revenues on the Chicago Skyway have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike .
If nothing is done , the prospect is that that road will be in default of interest in 1962 .
These , however , are exceptions .
The typical picture at this time is one of steady improvement .
It's going to take time for investors to learn how many of the toll-road bonds will pay out in full .
About half of these are exported .
A skilled worker on the assembly line , for example , earns $37 a week .
Fiat officials say they have had no strikes for more than six years .
`` Olivetti had a special interest for Hodges .
`` The Olivetti plant near Turin has modern layout , modern machinery .
`` Hodges is trying to get more foreign business to go to the U.S. .
`` Hodges predicted : ' I think we will see more foreign firms coming to the U.S. .
There are many places where we can use their vigor and new ideas ' '' .
Foreign competition has become so severe in certain textiles that Washington is exploring new ways of handling competitive imports .
Point is that developing countries often build up a textile industry first , need encouragement to get on their feet .
At the same time , another purpose of the conference will be to get certain low-wage countries to control textile exports -- especially dumping of specific products -- to high-wage textile-producing countries .
None of these countries is happy with these arrangements .
The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S. While they have been curbing shipments , they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U.S. market .
It's an important clue to Washington thinking .
`` Get competitive or get out '' .
Special depreciation on new textile machinery may be allowed .
Government research will look into new products and methods .
Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved .
Rather , they are impressed with the British Government's success in forcing -- and helping -- the British textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products .
What's happening in textiles can be handwriting on the wall for other lines having difficulty competing with imports from low-wage countries .
Steel Company of Wales , a British steelmaker , wants to bring in Virginia coal , cut down on its takings of Welsh coal in order to be able to compete more effectively -- especially in foreign markets .
Many of the coal seams in the nationalized British mines are twisting , narrow and very deep .
Productivity of U.S. miners is twice that of the British .
Welsh coal miners , Communist-led , are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in American coal .
The British Government will have to decide whether to let U.S. coal in .
The British coal industry is unprofitable , has large coal stocks it can't sell .
There wouldn't be much demand for it , I'm afraid '' .
Behind this reply , and its many variations , is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face , from the largest to the smallest .
What to buy out of the year's grist of nearly 15,000 book titles ? ?
Because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works .
Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts .
A large , well-stocked library , surrounded in a county by smaller ones , may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great .
All services are given without cost to members .
To set up a co-operative library system , the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus , and the system is organized around it .
In Nassau County , for example , the heavily settled Long Island suburb of New York City , the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons , a figure that has doubled since 1950 .
This system , by virtue of its variety and size , offers an inclusive view of the plan in operation .
Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 .
The entire headquarters collection is available to the patrons of all members on interlibrary loans .
Headquarters gets about 100 requests every day .
It is connected by teletype with the State Library in Albany , which will supply any book to a system that the system itself cannot provide .
East Meadow has philosophy , psychology , and religion ; ;
The reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a consultant , and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service .
The system passes on these savings to its members .
Further money is saved through economy in bookkeeping and clerical detail as the result of central billing .
Schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for documentary , art , and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs , and to organizations in member communities .
Workshops are conducted by the system's audio-visual consultant for the staffs of member libraries , teaching them the effective use of film as a library service .
consequently an experienced children's librarian at headquarters conducts a guidance program designed to promote well-planned library activities , cooperating with the children's librarians in member libraries by means of individual conferences , workshops , and frequent visits .
Headquarters has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center , to provide better methods of purchasing and selection .
Story hours , pre-school programs , activities with community agencies , and lists of recommended reading are all in the province of the children's consultant .
In addition to the interlibrary loan service and the children's program , headquarters has a public relations director who seeks to get wider grassroots support for quality library service in the county ; ;
it maintains a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and used ; ;
The system itself is governed by a board of trustees , geographically representing its membership .
Library use is multiplying daily , and the bulk of the newcomers are those maligned Americans , the teen-agers .
The great advances made in recent years in Communist strength and in our own capacity to destroy require an educated citizenry in the Western world .
The need for lifetime reading is apparent .
A fundamental source of knowledge in the world today is the book found in our libraries .
Although progress has been made in America's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed America .
The problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge , and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand .
There are , for example , approximately 25,000,000 people in this country with no public library service and about 50,000,000 with inadequate service .
There followed the historic appropriations and budget fight , in which the General Assembly decided to tackle executive powers .
The final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need .
Long-range planning of programs and ways to finance them have become musts if the state in the next few years is to avoid crisis-to-crisis government .
Some other good bills were lost in the shuffle and await future action .
Only a token start was made in attacking the tax reappraisal question and its companion issue of attracting industry to the state .
We congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation .
The League of Women Voters , 40 now and admitting it proudly , is inviting financial contributions in the windup of its fund drive .
These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but `` Keep alive their attention '' .
Newspapermen and politicians especially are aware of the penetrating attention and expert analysis the league gives to public affairs .
The harder the choice , the more willing the league is to wade in .
Look to Coosa Valley for industrial progress
Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. Vandiver , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. .
The undertaking has abundant promise .
Rusk idea strengthens United States defense
The danger lay not in believing that our own A-bombs would deter Russia's use of hers ; ;
that theory was and is sound .
It also weakened our diplomatic stance , because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity .
This left the Soviets plenty of leeway to start low-grade brushfire aggressions with considerable impunity .
DeKalb budget shows county is on beam
DeKalb's budget for 1961 is a record one and carries with it the promise of no tax increase to make it balance .
Touring Africa , the new U.S. Assistant Secretary of State observed `` Africa should be for the Africans '' and the British promptly denounced him .
Chin up , Soapy .
Georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the General Assembly in the form of a $1,750,000 budget increase for the Milledgeville State Hospital .
Actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving , considering the additional half-million dollars Gov. Vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus .
Either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of money and is .
The practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be abolished .
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced .
More attendants , nurses and doctors should be hired .
The national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low .
Kansas , regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally ill , spends $9 per day per patient .
Trujillo knew a great deal about assassination .
The responsibility for scores of deaths , including the abduction and murder of Jesus Maria Galindez , a professor at Columbia University in New York , has been laid at his door .
But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition .
El Benefactor's vanity grew with his personal wealth .
He maintained amply financed lobbies in the United States and elsewhere which sycophantically chanted his praise , and his influence extended even to Congress .
Tardily the Government here came to understand how this country's own reputation was tarnished by the association with repression .
Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines .
But after the censure he and his propaganda started mouthing Communist slogans .
There was considerable evidence of a tacit rapprochement with Castro in Cuba , previously a bete noire to Trujillo -- thus illustrating the way in which totalitarianism of the right and left coalesces .
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle .
Start on rapid transit
The NCTA is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of Congress .
The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city .
Though Walter Ulbricht , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone .
It was not a part of any one of the three ( later four ) zones for occupation by Soviet , American , British , and French troops respectively .
After the Berlin blockade and airlift , the Council of Foreign Ministers in 1949 declared a purpose `` to mitigate the effects of the present administrative division of Germany and of Berlin '' .
For some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas .
Then they moved offices of the East German puppet government into East Berlin and began illegally to treat it as the capital of East Germany .
That this and the closing of the East Berlin-West Berlin border have not been accepted by the Western governments appears in notes which Britain , France , and the United States sent to Moscow after the latter's gratuitous protest over a visit of Chancellor Adenauer and other West German officials to West Berlin .
The British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities `` to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of East Germany '' .
There remains , of course , the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts .
Another remained when an American Army car was recovered but with a broken glass .
The glass may seem trivial but Communist official hooliganism feeds on such incidents unless they are redressed .
Remembering the step-by-step fate of Danzig and the West German misgivings about `` salami '' tactics , it is to be hoped that the dispatch of General Clay to West Berlin as President Kennedy's representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future indignities and aggressions but also to some that have passed .
Thousands of buffalo ( `` bison '' they will never be to the man on the street ) grazing like a mobile brown throw-rug upon the rolling , dusty-green grassland .
Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved .
Whisky on the air
A Philadelphia distiller is currently breaching the customary prohibition against hard-liquor advertising on TV and radio .
Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters , the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations .
The National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials .
Past polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy .
Simply because the subverting action of firms that are not members of the Distilled Spirits Institute and of radio and TV stations that are not members of the NAB tends to spread .
Soon some members of the two industry groups doubtless will want to amend their codes on grounds that otherwise they will suffer unfairly from the efforts of non-code competitors .
Although the false glamour surrounding bourbon or other whisky commercials is possibly no more fatuous than the pseudo-sophistication with which TV soft-drinks are downed or toothpaste applied , there is a sad difference between enticing a viewer into sipping Oopsie-Cola and gulling him into downing bourbon .
While all citizens share in blame for lax municipal ethics the Wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools , law enforcement and fiscal policies .
The Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record .
State Controller Arthur Levitt , on the other hand , cannot effectively deny that he has chosen to be the candidate of those party leaders who as a rule have shown livelier interest in political power than in the city's welfare .
They , too , have links with the city's ills .
Both men are known to be honest and public-spirited .
As Mayor , Mr. Levitt might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like .
But his reelection would strengthen the liberal Democrats and the labor unions who back him .
He must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says .
In this case he has put the alternatives clearly to Mr. Khrushchev for the third time .
At his press conference Mr. Kennedy said , `` All we want in Laos is peace not war a truly neutral government not a cold war pawn '' .
As wars go , Laos is an extremely little one .
Casualties have been running about a dozen men a day .
Fortunately both the Republicans and America's chief Western allies now are joined behind the neutral Laos aim of the President .
Actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table .
The Senate's overwhelming ( 64-13 ) vote to support locally controlled educational TV efforts should be emulated in the lower house .
The House communications subcommittee is expected to report out a good bill calling for the states to match federal funds .
This year's Senate measure would provide each state and the District of Columbia with $1,000,000 to be used in support of private , state , or municipal ETV efforts .
A good man departs .
.
Sam Rayburn was a good man , a good American , and , third , a good Democrat .
He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure ; ;
Mr. Rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to label .
He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any .
It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs .
The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical .
A growl , a nod , was usually enough .
When it was not , one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented .
He would rise in the well of the House , his chin upon his chest , his hands gripping the side of a desk , and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence .
He spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes .
He made good , plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it .
With his long service he had a long memory , an excellent thing in a political leader .
There are only two men remaining in Congress who , with Rayburn , voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917 .
To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr. Sam coincided with that of the House .
He served `` with '' him .
As it was , his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration .
He was his own man , not an automatic obstructionist .
Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends .
The excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian mercenaries .
In other words , atrocities by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be condoned , had the victims been serving the cause of dissident Katanga .
Mass rapes , troop mutinies , uncontrolled looting and pillage and reckless military adventures , given no sanction by any political authority , have become almost daily occurrences .
It happens in the territory of the Leopoldville government , which is itself a fiction , demonstrably incapable of governing , and commanding only such limited credit abroad as UN support gives it .
Right now , they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga .
That notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view .
But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach .
Additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need .
The situation with regard to the Southern Pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily applicable to other situations in other industries .
The solution reached in the agreement was more acceptable to the railroad than that originally included in a series of union demands .
Peace , it's wonderful , and `` world law '' , it's wonderful , too , and shouldn't we get an international covenant extending it into space , before the Russians put some claim jumper on the moon ? ?
`` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ?
Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man , Che Guevara , who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas , Venezuela .
Perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and planes , but the Kennedy administration can always file a demurrer to the effect that , but for its own incompetence in protecting American interests , these things would not happen .
The customer loses again
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car .
By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines .
Word of Dag Hammarskjold's death in an African plane crash has sent a shockwave around the globe .
As head of the United Nations he was the symbol of world peace , and his tragic end came at a moment when peace hangs precariously .
It was on the eve of a momentous U.N. session to come to grips with cold war issues .
The U.N.-chartered plane which was flying from the conference city of Ndola in Northern Rhodesia had been riddled with machinegun bullets last weekend and was newly repaired .
Whether this , or overt action , was the cause of the crash must be promptly determined .
The death of Mr. Hammarskjold removes the United Nations' most controversial leader .
He was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice .
He courageously defended the rights of small nations , and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc .
When the recent Katangan outbreaks imperiled these solutions Mr. Hammarskjold , despite the danger , flew to exert a calming influence .
He gave his life for his beliefs .
It is a crucial session with the world on the edge of momentous developments .
If the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice .
That is the hope of mankind .
Monument to togetherness
Too many have bogged down in bickering .
So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity .
All nine members of the Inter-American Center Authority voted for Goodbody & Company's proposal to finance the long-awaited trade and cultural center .
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year .
Unanimity on Interama is not surprising .
It is one of the rare public ventures here on which nearly everyone is agreed .
County officials have cooperated consistently .
So have the people's elected spokesmen at the state and federal levels .
A short report and a good one
`` No complaints or charges have been filed during the past year , either verbally or written , from any individual or group .
Problems have arisen in this sensitive field but have been handled in most cases with understanding and restraint .
The progress reported by the advisory committee is real .
West Germany remains Western
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election .
Chancellor Adenauer's Christian Democratic Party slipped only a little in the voting but it was enough to lose the absolute Bundestag majority it has enjoyed since 1957 .
In order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength .
Inevitably this means some compromise .
Both Willy Brandt's Social Democrats , who gained 22 seats in the new parliament , and the Free Democrats , who picked up 23 , will insist on that before they enter the government .
Moon-faced Ludwig Erhart , the economic expert , probably will ascend to the leadership long denied him .
If he becomes chancellor , Dr. Erhart would make few changes .
He is dedicated to building the nation's strength and , as are all West Germans , to a free Berlin and to reunion with captive East Germany .
West Berlin's Mayor Brandt vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the dismemberment of his city and won votes by it .
And the career of Konrad Adenauer , who upheld Germany's tradition of rock-like leaders which Bismarck began , draws near the end .
But it can be dangerous if the joiner doesn't want to make a spectacle of himself .
The principle is commendable but we suspect that in the practice somebody is going to get gulled .
4 .
6 .
Do its spokesmen seem more interested in the amount of money they collect than in the principles they purport to advocate ? ?
If the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be duped by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time .
Falling somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .
The latter is what concerns us all .
Whatever land you can see here , from the North tip end of Elliott Key looking southward , belongs to someone -- people who have title to the land .
The public .
The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment .
In this instance , happily , insistence is being made that our share is protected .
Closed doors in city hall
We had assumed that at least this local legislative body had nothing to hide , and , therefore , had no objections to making the deliberations of its committees and the city commissions available to the public .
It is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly .
`` The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them .
Since 1953 California has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly conducted , but not until this year did the lawmakers in Sacramento plug the remaining loopholes in the Brown Act .
When all else fails , it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations .
We submit that this is a most desirable effect of the law -- and one of its principal aims .
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious .
Mr. Balaguer is in control , and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring .
Had U.S. warships not appeared off the Dominican coast , there is every possibility that the country would now be wracked by civil war .
Ultimately either the Trujillos would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced conditions favorable to a takeover by Dominican elements responsive to Castro in Cuba .
But there was no complaint from the Dominican crowds which lined Ciudad Trujillo's waterfront shouting , `` Vive Yankees '' ! !
In cooperating toward that objective , OAS might move with the speed and effectiveness demonstrated by the United States .
those watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935 .
Now , as then , it is a matter of jobs .
But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs .
Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds .
The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive .
Deterrent
the Army , Navy and Air Force , among others , may question Secretary Freeman's claim that the high estate of United States agriculture is the `` strongest deterrent '' to the spread of communism .
But the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the `` greatest single source of strength '' in the struggle to insure freedom around the world .
In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar .
And thus far , Mr. Freeman has offered very little relief .
Perhaps , as Mr. Freeman says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American taxpayer .
The department needs a clearer `` sense of direction '' at the top and it needs fewer , but better , people , Sen. Jackson says .
The subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department .
Betting men
He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods .
The economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can't be blamed in November .
Cambodia's chief of state , who has been accused of harboring Communist marauders and otherwise making life miserable for neighboring South Viet Nam and Thailand , insists he would be very unhappy if communism established its power in Southeast Asia .
But so convinced of communism's inevitable triumph is Prince Sihanouk that he is ready to throw in the towel .
Prince Sihanouk's powers of prognostication some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions .
Bottom sighted
Weeks ago he saw a business upturn in the second quarter of this year while his colleagues in the Cabinet were shaking their heads in disagreement .
Recently Treasury Secretary Dillon and Labor Secretary Goldberg fell into line with Mr. Hodges' appraisal , though there has been some reluctance to do so at the White House .
February's volume was 1 per cent above January's for the first pickup since last October , although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960 .
In Newark , for example , this gain was put at 26 per cent above the year-earlier level .
Of course , some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that Easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960 .
Mr. Hodges is so hopeful over the outlook that he doesn't think there will be any need of a cut in income taxes .
Prosperity for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut .
New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain .
Now the Stone Harbor bird sanctuary , 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic herons , is threatened , but the battlefront extends far beyond our state .
But Interior Secretary Udall warns that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open shorelines and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves .
By comparison , Stone Harbor bird sanctuary's allies seem less formidable , for aside from the Audubon Society , they are mostly the snowy , common and cattle egrets and the Louisiana , green , little blue and black-crowned herons who nest and feed there .
The desirability of preserving such places as the Cape dunes and Stone Harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year .
much of the glamor President Kennedy's Peace Corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by Sargent Shriver , the head corpsman .
Anybody who is expecting a joyride should , according to Mr. Shriver , get off the train right now .
Despite all this , the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else .
Not all St. Louis industries , of course , have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood .
But for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core .
The city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout outstate Missouri and Southern Illinois .
Gov. Dalton's New Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a nine-state regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry .
That is one approach .
Another would be to take the advice of Dr. Elmer Ellis , president of the University of Missouri , and provide for an impartial professional analysis of Missouri's economy .
The research center of the University's School of Business and Public Administration is prepared to undertake the analysis Dr. Ellis has been talking about .
He and Dean John W. Schwada of the Business School outlined the project at a recent conference .
Carbondale is in the Herrin-Murphysboro-West Frankfort labor market , where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average .
Some plant-location specialists take these signs to mean St. Louis county doesn't want industry , and so they avoid the area , and more jobs are lost .
Still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far .
Take , for example , the reformers among New York City's Democrats .
After all , it goes back to the days in which sedition was not un-American , the days in which the Sons of St. Tammany conspired to overthrow the government by force and violence -- the British government , that is .
Further , do our reforming friends really believe that the cartoonists will consent to the banishment of the tiger from their zoo ? ?
They will -- when they give up the donkey and the elephant .
Instead of attempting the impossible , why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black ? ?
The Kennedy Administration had assured anti-Castro Cubans that it would have nothing to do with associates of Dictator Batista .
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro .
Moreover , Col. Faget's information on Cuba was too outdated to be useful in `` screening '' Castro agents ; ;
Responsibility for the Faget appointment rests with Gen. J. M. Swing , an Eisenhower appointee as head of the Immigration Service .
Some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend , Congressman Walter of Pennsylvania , at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was diligently searching for all the House votes it could get .
Mr. Eisenhower , politician
His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding .
It was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit .
This statement recalls the 1959 Berlin crisis , when President Eisenhower first told reporters that Berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too .
This is a matter of respect for the Presidency .
Mr. Eisenhower's New York speech does not encourage respect for that or for his elder statesmanship .
The Queen Mary has long been a symbol of speed , luxury , and impeccable British service on the high seas .
Reports that the venerable liner , which has been in service since 1936 , was to be retired struck a nostalgic note in many of us .
But the Cunard line , influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not sentiment , has decided to keep the Queen Mary in service until next Spring at least .
Economy class fares and charter flights have attracted almost all new passengers to the airlines .
The Cunard line has under consideration replacing the Queen Mary with a ship smaller than 75,000 tons .
The decline of the Cunard line from its position of dominance in Atlantic travel is a significant development in the history of transportation .
Mission to Viet Nam
Gen. Maxwell Taylor's statement in Saigon that he is `` very much encouraged '' about the chances of the pro-Western government of Viet Nam turning back Communist guerrilla attacks comes close to an announcement that he will not recommend dispatching United States troops to bolster the Vietnamese Army .
Gen. Taylor will report to President Kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and , judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East , he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military , economic , political and other resources .
There was good reason for Gen. Taylor to make an inspection trip at this time .
Communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has interposed a new crisis .
The Viet Cong , the Communist rebels , may have lost their stored grain and arms factories .
It is a war to stay out of today , especially in view of the fact that President Ngo Dinh Diem apparently does not want United States troops .
Gov. John M. Dalton , himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government , spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly , or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are retained , not because of their legal talents , but because of their government influence .
If the decision goes wrong , it may be -- as Mr. Stevenson fears -- `` the first step on the slippery path downhill '' to a U.N. without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning .
Although the United States and the U.S.S.R. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work .
The Secretary General must have , subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly , the power to act , to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions .
What the new charter does
Lawmaking power is removed from the Board of Estimate and made a partnership responsibility of the City Council and the Mayor .
Overriding of mayoral veto on budget changes will require concurrence by board and Council , and a two-thirds vote .
his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed .
On net balance , in spite of Controller Gerosa's opposition to the new Charter as an invasion of his office , the Controller will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good government than he has now .
Some fiscal changes are important .
This will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business ; ;
it will also correct some injustices .
Enlargement of the City Council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow .
Inter-american Press
The Inter-american Press Association , which blankets the Western Hemisphere from northern Canada to Cape Horn , is meeting in New York City this week for the first time in eleven years .
The I. A. P. A. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere ; ;
As the press in Cuba was gradually throttled by the Castro regime , more and more Cuban publishers , editors and correspondents were forced into exile .
The I. A. P. A. found itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the Castro Government and the return of the Cuban press to the freedom it knew before Batista's dictatorship began in 1952 .
Freedom of the press was lost in Cuba because of decades of corruption and social imbalances .
This , in more diplomatic language , is what Adlai Stevenson told the newspaper men of Latin America yesterday on behalf of the United States Government .
No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association .
Meeting in Moscow
The Twenty-second Soviet Communist Party Congress opens in Moscow today in a situation contrasting sharply with the script prepared many months ago when this meeting was first announced .
Whether it is or not , the propaganda impact on the free world of the document scheduled to be adopted at this meeting will be far less than had been originally anticipated .
This Congress will see Premier Khrushchev consolidating his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years .
Dr. Conant's call to action
Now , a close look at the schools in and around the ten largest cities , including New York , has shattered this optimism .
Dr. Conant has come away shocked and angry .
But these are side issues to a powerful central theme .
The facts , he adds , are hidden from public view by squeamish objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools , regardless of the color of their students .
These warnings must not be treated lightly .
And now -- more junk mail
He was delighted to learn that the Post Office Department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from Representatives in Congress to their constituents without the use of stamps , names , addresses or even zone numbers .
In accordance with legislation passed at the last session of Congress , each Representative is authorized to deliver to the Post Office in bulk newsletters , speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district .
Letter writing is a dying art .
It couldn't close , she said .
This happened in Decatur , DeKalb County , not 10 miles from the heart of metropolitian Atlanta .
And now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the DeKalb County cannery .
`` Is it so the cannery is going to close '' ? ?
He did say he was out of cans , the No. 3's , but `` I requisitioned 22,000 '' .
Threat of closing the cannery is a recent one .
A three-man committee has recommended to Commission Chairman Charles O. Emmerich that the DeKalb County cannery be closed .
Reason : the cannery loses $3,000 yearly .
`` The cannery '' , said Mrs. Lewellyn Lundeen , an active booster of the cannery since its opening during the war and rationing years of 1941 , to handle the `` victory garden '' produce , `` is a service to the taxpayer .
It helps those people who help themselves .
A driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a.m. finishes before breakfast , then goes out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` What in the world will we do '' ? ?
`` What in the world '' , echoed others , those come with the beans , potatoes , the tomatoes , `` will any of us do '' ? ?
Moss , a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county , doesn't believe it will close .
But he is in the middle , an employe of DeKalb , but on the side of the people .
`` Sir , I know the cannery helps '' .
When a person has thoughtlessly or deliberately caused us pain or hardship it is not always easy to say , `` Just forget it '' .
After almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land .
You cannot wear the banner of God and at the same time harbor envy , jealousy and grudges in your heart .
We must , first of all , be willing to forgive others before we can secure God's forgiveness .
It will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until we have forgiven those who have done us wrong .
God's mercy and patience will last forever .
Forgiveness implies more than a person wanting his past sins covered by God's love .
Finally , we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us .
Till seven times ? ?
Jesus saith unto him , until seventy times seven '' .
Matthew 18 : 21-22 .
With all the energy of his broken body he prayed , `` Father , forgive them , for they know not what they do '' .
It was the oldest and toughest question young lovers have ever asked : How can you be sure ? ?
I asked , looking at her searchingly .
Besides , in all honesty , I don't know how you can be sure .
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth .
`` Does he ever bore you '' ? ?
Oh , no-o ! !
Does he care about things that matter to you ? ?
Can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating ? ?
Because , honey , I thought silently , there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage -- long periods when you're hopelessly stranded , together .
She came back the other day to reassure me .
Be friends with your mother-in-law .
Jokes , cartoons and cynics to the contrary , mothers-in-law make good friends .
I do not know Dr. Wilson Sneed well .
it spoke for many in the clergy , I suspect .
`` Such a church needs vigor and vitality in its rector and one man has only so much of these endowments '' , he told his members .
And so the young minister resigned , to go and study and pray , having never passed a day , he told his parishioners , when `` I did not gain from you far more than I ever gave to you '' .
The good ones are not motivated to seek vainly , nor are they disposed to covet comfort , or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed vanity .
We press him to conform to our comfortable conceptions and not to bruise our satisfactions with his word , and God's .
If we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins .
If he won't break , we add to the stress he bears .
And a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man -- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to .
We expect bestowal of God's love through him .
The church truly is not a rest home for saints , but a hospital for sinners .
Mr. Podger always particularly enjoyed the last night of each summer at Loon Lake .
He had that day attended a country auction , and he had come back with a prize .
The prize was an old-fashioned , woven cloth hammock , complete with cross-top pillow , fringed side pieces , and hooks for hanging .
He closed his eyes and let the unintelligible drift of voices sweep pleasantly over him .
Suddenly one young voice rose above the others .
`` But '' , it said , `` do you always know when you're happy '' ? ?
The voice sank back into the general tangle of sound , but the question stayed in Mr. Podger's mind .
All day long Mr. Podger , who was a straw-hat man in the summer , had worn the feather in the band of his broad-brimmed sunshield .
Hardly .
It was doing very well , too , having reached the center , and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr. Podger saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car .
Mr. Podger took no chances .
Where was the driver now ? ?
What was he doing ? ?
`` I like them things , too '' , he had said .
`` We got one at home .
I do it , lots o' times -- I like to lie in a hammock at night , by myself , when it's all quiet .
She remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and Mr. Podger took her inside the fringe .
Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod .
`` Dad '' ! !
`` It's getting so chilly we've lighted a fire , and we're going to tell a round robin story -- a nice , scary one .
Dallas
These programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully .
They point out simply that `` it is the law of the land '' .
Even better , they have the examples of Nashville and Houston to hold up as peaceful and progressive programs .
In each case there was an initial act of violence .
The Nashville plan , incidentally , has become recognized as perhaps the most acceptable and thus the most practical to put into effect in the troubled South .
Each year another grade is added to the process , until finally all 12 grades are integrated .
The program has worked well in both Nashville and Houston .
During the summer , Negroes began quietly patronizing previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments .
So successful has been this program , worked out by white and Negro civic leaders , that further extensions are expected in the next few months .
Already , at least one hotel has been quietly taking reservations on a nonracial basis .
Several conventions have been held in recent months in hotels on a nonsegregated basis .
Southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop Negroes from claiming equal rights .
They insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots .
There are many causes for this change .
They are putting strong pressure on their police departments to keep order .
They realize that by acting in concert , rather than individually , they will not be picked out as objects of retaliation -- economic and otherwise .
Played mostly on the freeways around Los Angeles , it goes like this :
The really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives unhesitatingly elect to slow down and permit the invading car free access .
But it is done , consistently and I'm both surprised and impressed .
Failing this , he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly .
At the risk of losing my charge-a-plate at Marshall Field and Company , I would like to challenge an old and hallowed stereotype .
He can often make the complex ridiculously simple , and vice versa .
This happened to be vice versa , but even so , the answer was a masterpiece .
`` That is undoubtedly a hell of a quote '' , said the writer , scratching his head .
`` Now , if I can just figure out what he's talking about , I'll use it '' .
This was just Richard's way of saying that last year the Birds opened spring training with a lot of jobs wide open .
It should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year , but so far it hasn't worked that way .
You'd never guess it from the way they've played so far this spring , but there remains a feeling among some around here that the Orioles still have a chance to battle for the pennant in 1961 .
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year .
Brooks Robinson is great , and it is conceivable that he'll do even better in 1961 than he did in 1960 .
It's the same with Ron Hansen and Jim Gentile .
Breeding might move up
Gentile can hardly do better than drive in 98 runs .
So , all in all , the infield can't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the Birds from second to first .
And the pitching will also have trouble doing better .
`` From Triandos , Brandt and Walker '' , answers Richards .
The man is right , and at this time , indications are that these three are ready for better seasons .
Triandos hasn't proved it yet , but he says he's convinced his thumb is all right .
He jammed it this spring and has had to rest it , but he says the old injury hasn't bothered him .
I'm still not convinced , though , I'll have to see more of him before predicting that big year for him .
To me , Brandt looks as though he could be in for a fine year .
He hasn't played too much , because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice .
As of now , that all seems behind him .
He's been entirely different all spring .
Let him bounce back , and he could really set up the staff .
So , if the Orioles are to improve , Brandt , Triandos and Walker will have to do it .
Is the mother of an `` autistic '' child at fault ? ?
He tends to treat himself and other people as if they were objects -- and sometimes he treats objects as if they were people .
) Did his mother make him this way ? ?
Some people believe she did .
We believe that autism , like so many other conditions of defect and deviation , is to a large extent inborn .
A mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties .
We don't think she can make her child defective , emotionally disturbed or autistic .
Since little is known about autism , and almost nothing has been written for the layman , we'd like to share one experienced mother's comments .
She wrote :
total disinterest
`` .
`` One thing I notice which I have seldom heard mentioned .
As he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object ( his `` magic '' thing ) .
The answer is different for each autistic child , but for most there is an answer .
How do they turn out later '' ? ?
Single-color use
Answer
Possibly responsible for this is the incoming trend toward multicolor schemes in rooms , which seems slated to replace the one-color look to which we have been accustomed .
Just as a varitinted Oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme , so may some of the newest versions of embroidery .
Though not actually crewel embroidery , it has that look with its over-stitched raised pattern in blue , pink , bronze and gold and a sauterne background .
The twirled , stylized design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England .
Among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color .
Chinese influence
These have never gone out of style in Scandinavian homes and now seem to be reappearing here and there in shops which specialize in handicrafts .
Their meeting at San Francisco is nominally scheduled as a conference of the California Democratic Council directorate .
But it will include 200-odd officeholders , organization leaders and `` interested party people '' .
-- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Fresno next Jan. 26-28 .
4
He's approached his Democratic duties in hard-nosed engineering fashion .
Viewed from afar , the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so .
Moreover , the entire state Democratic hierarchy , from Gov. Brown on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge operation .
There is evidence that it will be happily received by Gov. Brown and the other constitutional incumbents .
( Significantly , bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw Mosk moving into the national committee post over Ziffren are still audible in party circles .
It is a short course in Communese .
It works with English , Russian , German , Hungarian or almost any other foreign tongue .
Now listen closely :
Moscow radio from the Literary Gazette in English to England :
`` President Kennedy once again interpreted the Soviet proposals , to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat , as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism .
`` The American press clamored for many days promising President Kennedy would reply to the most vital domestic and foreign problems confronting the United States .
In fact , the world heard nothing but sabre-rattling , the same exercises which proved futile for the predecessors of the current President .
Moscow Radio in Russian to the USSR :
`` The U.S. President has shown once again that the United States needs the fanning of the West Berlin crisis to justify the armaments race .
As was to be expected Kennedy's latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by revenge-seeking circles in Bonn , where officials of the West German government praised it '' .
Moscow Novosti article in Russian , datelined London :
`` U.S. pressure on Britain to foster war hysteria over the status of West Berlin has reached its apogee .
British common sense is proverbial .
`` A better position for negotiations is the real point of this speech .
Kennedy knows the West will not wage war for West Berlin , neither conventional nor nuclear , and negotiations will come as certainly as the peace treaty .
In Kennedy's speech are cross currents , sensible ones and senseless ones , reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the President's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them .
Moscow TASS in Russian datelined Sochi :
`` Chairman Khrushchev received the U.S. President's disarmament adviser , John McCloy .
Now , to translate from the Communese , this means :
His advisers in the Politburo ( White House ) are engaged in a great struggle of opinions , so he is not always consistent .
The West has no intention of attacking Russia .
Aug. 4 , 1821 , nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post .
The country was now full of Gazettes and Samuel C. Atkinson and Charles Alexander , who had just taken over Franklin's old paper , desired a more distinctive name .
When founded by Franklin the Gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays .
Little more than a fine old name , valuable principally because of the Franklin tradition , the Saturday Evening Post was slow to revive .
A quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater , N.Y. .
I was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the Great White Way .
All I could remember was Billie Dove pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room .
`` Billie was really beautiful '' ! !
Exclaimed Vera Forbes Adams , batting lovely big eyes behind glitter rimmed glasses .
Sing Sing's prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose , a fair break from parole boards .
Inmates might even demand the 34-hour week , all holidays off and fringe benefits including state contributions toward lawyers' fees .
In case of a deadlock between prison boards and inmates , a federal arbitration board to include a `` lifer '' and two escapees should decide the issue .
4 .
The right to leave the hoosegow any time to see a lawyer instead of waiting for a lawyer to make a trip to the prison .
No warden or guard to touch lock , key or doorknob except when accompanied by a prisoners' committee with powers of veto .
State and federal approval of right to walk out at any time when so voted by 51 per cent of the prisoners .
Harold , with brothers Frank , Joe and William , took over at the death of their father , Harry M. Stevens , who put a few dollars into a baseball program , introduced the `` hot dog '' and paved the way for creation of a catering empire .
IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back .
Nevertheless , it will seem funny to have to send for a mechanic to improve conversation .
Rembrandt's `` Aristotle Contemplating Bust of Homer '' brought $2,300,000 at auction the other night .
Both Aristotle and Homer may in spirit be contemplating `` bust '' of the old-fashioned American dollar .
The owner of the painting got it for $750,000 , sold it for $500,000 in a market crash , and bought it back for $590,000 .
Lucius Beebe's book , `` Mr. Pullman's Elegant Palace Car '' , fills us with nostalgia , recalling days when private cars and Pullmans were extra wonderful , with fine woodwork , craftsmanship in construction , deep carpets and durable upholstery .
Beebe tells of one private car that has gold plumbing .
-- Rep. Frelinghuysen , R-5th Dist. , had a special reason for attending the reception at the Korean Embassy for Gen. Chung Hee Park , the new leader of South Korea .
Not only is Mr. Frelinghuysen a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the United States and Korea , Frederick T. Frelinghuysen , Secretary of State in the administration of Chester A. Arthur .
In addition Rep. Frelinghuysen's brother Harry was on the Korean desk of the State Department in World War 2 .
Next year is the 80th anniversary of the signing of the treaty between Korea and the United States and experts in Seoul are trying to find the correspondence between Frederick Frelinghuysen , who was Secretary of State in 1883 and 1884 , and Gen. Lucius Foote , who was the first minister to Korea .
On the job
In addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life .
He invited Mr. Case to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team
Kind Mr. Sam
However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced .
Then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision , in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages .
Undertaken by 32 American scholars , under the chairmanship of Rev. Dr. Luther A. Weigle , former dean of Yale University Divinity School , their studies resulted in the publishing of the Revised Standard Version , 1946-52 .
Time , of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose .
If this new Bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years , it will not survive the ages as has the King James Version .
One is impressed with the dignity , clarity and beauty of this new translation into contemporary English , and there is no doubt that the meaning of the Bible is more easily understandable to the general reader in contemporary language in the frequently archaic words and phrases of the King James .
`` Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John , to be baptized of him .
`` And Jesus , when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water : and lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove , and lighting upon him '' .
Certainly , the meaning is clearer to one who is not familiar with Biblical teachings , in the New English Bible which reads : `` Then Jesus arrived at Jordan from Galilee , and he came to John to be baptized by him .
John tried to dissuade him .
)
for their's is the kingdom of heaven '' .
The new version states : `` How blest are those who know that they are poor ; ;
Discoveries recently made of old Biblical manuscripts in Hebrew and Greek and other ancient writings , some by the early church fathers , in themselves called for a restudy of the Bible .
There is one danger , however .
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic .
The only answer will be continuous study .
Prof. C. H. Dodd , 76 , a Congregational minister and a leading authority on the New Testament , is general director of the project and chairman of the New Testament panel .
That is why it is important to invest in comfortable , airy types of shoes .
Styles run the gamut from slender and tapered with elongated toes to a newer squared toe shape .
While white is the coolest summer shade , there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color .
For added comfort some of the Italian designed sandals have foam padded cushioning .
The citrus tones popular in clothing are also to be found afoot .
Contrast trim provides other touches of color .
At the left is a pair of dressy straw pumps in a light , but crisp texture .
At right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather .
An electric toothbrush ( Broxodent ) may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the American bathroom .
The unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in .
The brushes can be cleaned and sterilized by boiling and are detachable so that every member of the family can have his own .
Several dentists and patients with special dental problems have experimented with the device .
The electric gadget is most helpful when there are many crowned teeth and in individuals who are elderly , bedfast with a chronic disease , or are handicapped by disorders such as cerebral palsy or muscular dystrophy .
It is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to shimmy off the bristles .
Turn over
Reply :
Sewing brings numbness
Brace for sciatica
writes : Does a brace help in sciatica ? ?
Reply :
A back brace might help , depending upon the cause of sciatica .
writes : Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ?
Reply :
The latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed .
For sheer ambition , take the Decca series titled modestly `` Wisdom '' .
Hugh Downs is heard interviewing Wright , for an added prestige fillip .
There's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two albums recently issued by Dover Publications .
Previous presentations have been on French , Spanish , Russian , Italian , German and Japanese .
As a contemporary bonus , the set includes Carl Sandburg's address at a joint session of Congress , delivered on Lincoln's birthday two years ago .
For those who `` like poetry but never get around to reading it '' , the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work .
Newest on the list are John Ciardi , W. D. Snodgrass , I. A. Richards , Oscar Williams , Robert Hillyer , John Hall Wheelock , Stephen Vincent Benet , Edwin Muir , John Peal Bishop and Maxwell Bodenheim .
Two poets are paired on each record , in the order given above .
Decca is not the only large commercial company to impart instruction .
One of the roughest was the TV quiz shows , which gave him inferiority complexes .
But the one that upset the financially wise was the professional dancer who related in a book how he parlayed his earnings into a $2,000,000 profit on the stock market .
Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb .
People who take us for suckers are like the Westerner who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements .
The promoter who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it .
His answer was simple but honest .
He just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye .
He senses his mother's disapproval .
If his mother loves him , he clings to that love as a ballast .
He wants Mommy to think him a good boy .
He doesn't want her to look frowningly at him , or speak to him angrily .
He wants to be called sweet , good , considerate and mother's little helper .
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ?
She can decrease the number of temptations .
If he can't play with Mommy's magazines , he should have some old numbers of his own .
She tells him of the consequences of his behavior .
If he bites a playmate she says , `` Danny won't like you '' .
If he snatches a toy , she says , `` Caroline wants her own truck just as you do '' .
There is no use trying to `` Explain '' to a 2-year-old .
Actions speak louder .
Remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior .
This is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call `` Homecoming Day '' .
The football opponent on homecoming is , of course , selected with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a Christian when thrown to one of the emperor's lions .
Even with all possible precaution , homecomings are usually rather cruel and sad , and only the perpetually ebullient and the continually optimistic are made happy by them .
He can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the lilting sound of laughter , and can smell again the aroma of autumn -- fallen leaves , the wine of cool air , and the nostalgia of woodsmoke which blows through all the winds of fall .
It is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of undergraduates , faces alight , holding hands and talking happily as they come along , oblivious of him , or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances , such as they would give a tethered goat .
His dream goes .
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous .
His bifocals blur .
Bitterness comes over him and the taste of time is like unripe persimmons in his mouth .
It is not much better if he meets with old classmates .
Too often , unless he hails them , they pass him by .
If they do meet and recognize one another , slap backs and embrace , the moment soon is done .
Middle-aged spread
the gray hairs , the eyeglasses , bodies that are too thin or too heavy ; ;
He sits in the stands and he doesn't like that .
Enough of his life was spent there on the field for him never to like watching the game as a spectator in the crowd .
the churning of straining feet , the rasp of the canvas pants ; ;
the long runs on the kick-offs ; ;
the hard , jolting tackles ; ;
And so , he squirms with each play , remembering his youth .
But it is no use .
No matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength , they can never be recaptured again .
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election .
These are New York , Pennsylvania , Michigan , Maryland , Missouri , New Jersey , Illinois and Minnesota .
Mr. Nixon , despite a very earnest effort to capture the minority groups , failed to do so .
These gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of Mr. Kennedy for talking about a recession and unemployment .
The almost six million persons without jobs and the two million working part-time do not consider themselves and their plight as statistical .
The people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery .
Senator Mundt's gross distortion of President Eisenhower's conversation into a denunciation of President Kennedy as too left wing , a statement Mr. Eisenhower declared to be entirely false , is another case in point .
The present Republican leadership as practiced by Mundt , Goldwater , Bridges , Dirksen , et al , is repeating the errors of the party leadership of the 1930s .
Farmers called their mule-drawn pickup trucks `` Hoover carts '' .
The most articulate Republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at Mr. Kennedy , already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care .
If they also defeat the school bill , the GOP task force won't have much research to do .
It will early know why the party won't win back city votes .
The 1962 General Assembly has important business to consider .
After the Griffin-Byrd political troup has completed the circuit in November in the name of a Pre-Legislative Forum , this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history .
And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ?
The situation already was bad because the Legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months , causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual .
But when former Gov. Marvin Griffin and Lt. Gov. Byrd accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November , the situation was aggravated .
Neither had a choice other than to accept the invitation .
To have refused would have been political suicide .
And it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity , when the bravado comments are cast aside .
There are other dangers :
`` If an opponent accuses you of lying , don't deny it .
Say he is a horse thief '' , runs an old adage .
Griffin's Rural Roads Authority and Byrd's 60,000 miles of county contracts would look like pauper's oaths .
Why not have them travel the state in November debating ? ?
It has arranged a campaign for governor .
Ike's somewhat like George Washington .
Both won a pretty fair-sized war with a modest assist from British strategy .
Slogan of the John Birch Society : `` Paddle your own canoe .
Too many people were afraid if the GOP won , they'd have to spend all their time praying .
First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested .
The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come .
This would seem to indicate that we are trying neither `` to halt an influx of migrants '' nor are we `` setting up such standards for development that only the well-to-do could afford to buy land and build in the new sites '' .
What we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development .
The 1960 tax book for East Greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars .
In order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure .
Mr. Richard Preston , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , in his remarks to the Governors Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8 , 1960 , warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said : `` If this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach , success if any will be difficult to obtain '' .
It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be '' .
It has already been reported in your newspapers that the East Greenwich School Committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase .
If they are to be commended for foresight in their planning , what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning stage ? ?
I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life .
2 .
The East Greenwich Fire District services parts of Warwick as well as East Greenwich .
The East Greenwich Free Library receives financial support from the town of East Greenwich and the City of Warwick to supplement its endowment .
I believe it is an area in which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide posts ; ;
and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised .
We have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions .
Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts , I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny .
I would like very much , on behalf of my husband and myself , to send our eternal thanks to all the wonderful people responsible for the Gabrielle Fund .
Rev. DeWitt Clemens , pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church ; ;
Mr. Felix Miranda , of the Imperial Knife Co. ; ;
Bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality .
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School .
A few weeks ago , I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in Cranston .
I wish you could see the situation as I see it .
If Russian pupils have to take these languages , how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language , but have to face so many exceptions ? ?
I am proud of my country , the small city I live in , my wonderful parents , my friends and my school ; ;
but I am also a young , able and willing girl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough .
At the height of the first snowstorm we had , it was impossible for me to get medical attention needed during an emergency .
However , the East Providence Rescue Squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation .
Words cannot tell of the undivided attention and comfort their service gave to me .
The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful .
The rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather .
Many thanks for a job well done .
There is one other point we should never lose sight of : Many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected .
The arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who oppose the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case , seem to be coldly impractical and out-of-step with the wishes of the general public .
I believe in priority for service-connected disabled veterans in admission to VA hospitals .
But I don't believe we should close the door on non-service-connected patients .
There's a reason for this length of stay .
First of all , the admitting physician in the VA hospital gets the patient as a new patient .
Secondly , the VA physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital , he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient .
The responsibility is still going to be there whether they pay for a VA hospital or the tax dollar is spent for the state hospital .
The American Medical Association is once again grinding out its tear-soaked propaganda based upon the high cost of the Veterans Administration medical program to the American taxpayer .
Do they , the A.M.A. , offer any solution other than outright abolition of a medical system unsurpassed anywhere in the world ? ?
We veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at VA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness .
Nevertheless , we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged .
-- No doubt there have been moments during every Presidency when the man in the White House has had feelings of frustration , exasperation , exhaustion , and even panic .
-- Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars .
Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection ? ?
The scientists have also warned that no life above ground or underground , sheltered or unsheltered could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter .
Chicago , Aug. 4
I refer to the attire worn by the students .
Upon a visit to a local junior college last week , I was shocked to see the young ladies wearing short shorts and the young men wearing Bermuda shorts .
Education should be uppermost in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ?
High school students have more sense of the way to dress than college students .
Many high school students go past my house every day , and they look like perfect ladies and gentlemen .
No matter how hot the day , they are dressed properly and not in shorts .
Douglas has consistently voted to aid the people who killed Masaryk , and against principles Masaryk died to uphold .
Douglas has voted for aid to Communists and for the destruction of individual freedom ( public housing , foreign aid , etc. ) .
Subsidies from CTA
Oak Park , Aug. 8
Rising costs have increased the difficulties of the elderly , and I would be the last to say they should not receive consideration .
Why should CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should ? ?
CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children , policemen , and firemen .
Marketing meat
Most women , in this age of freezers , shop for the entire week on week-ends , when prices are lower .
But if we closed the store for a vacation , we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block .
Chicago , Aug. 9
The resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to instruct judges to properly display the American flag .
Judges under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this .
The resolution further asked that polling place proprietors affix an attachment to their premises for the display of the flag .
My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by innuendo criticize them .
Chicago , Aug. 7
In these days of serious shortage of properly trained teachers qualified to teach physically handicapped and mentally handicapped children , the establishment of such an institute will be a major contribution to the field .
From Candlelight Club
Minneapolis , Aug. 7
-- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace , and to thank you for it .
Please do put more pictures and articles in about Liberace , as he is truly one of our greatest entertainers and a really wonderful person .
More school , less pay
Chicago , Aug. 7
-- Is this , perhaps , one of the things that is wrong with our country ? ?
My son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer .
At a rate of $3.22 an hour he is now earning approximately $580 a month .
The Dupont case
Washington , Aug. 4
As a result , your criticism of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy and the Department of Justice was inaccurate , unwarranted and unfair .
Congressman Wilbur D. Mills , chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , asked the Department of Justice for its views on these legislative proposals as they related to anti-trust law enforcement .
There are a number of other considerations besides this one but it is for the Congress , not the Department of Justice , to balance these various considerations and make a judgment about legislation .
Yet your editorial said : `` Now the Attorney General writes that no considerations ' justify any loss of revenue of this proportion ' '' .
What Mr. Kennedy , in fact , wrote was : `` It is the Department's view that no anti-trust enforcement considerations justify any loss of revenue of this proportion '' .
The editorial , by omitting the words anti-trust enforcement , totally distorted Mr. Kennedy's views .
Wilmette , Aug. 7
When she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged .
They do our country great harm by such actions .
Toward socialism
In covert socialism -- toward which America is moving -- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them .
`` Workers of the party ''
to the editor :
Sir -- We are writing in reference to a recent `` suggestion '' made to the staff of the Public Health Nursing Service of Jersey City ( registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ) .
Being ethical and professional people interested in community health and well-being , we felt this wasn't a function of our position .
As we understand , this directive was given to all city and county employes .
We , therefore , considered the `` suggestion '' an insult to our intelligence , ethics , Bill of Rights , etc. .
Our only obligation for this day is to vote , free of persuasion , for the person we feel is capable in directing the public .
This is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the United States .
Does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free loaders unwilling to help themselves , but ready to demand that `` the community '' help and protect them ? ?
Community shelters are , of course , necessary for those having no space for shelter .
I hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart , will get busy and be the first member of our `` plus-one '' shelter club .
to the editor :
It's simple enough from my point of view .
I am for it .
It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world .
to the editor :
It is high time the United States began to realize that the God-given rights of men set forth in that document are applicable today to Katanga .
This , again , applies to Katanga .
The people of Katanga had fought for , and obtained , their freedom from the Communist yoke of Antoine Gizenga , and his cohorts .
County college costs
The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny .
The procedure for determining the amounts of money to be spent by county colleges and raised by taxation will certainly startle many taxpayers .
Under the proposal the members of the board of trustees of a county college will be appointed ; ;
The trustees will prepare an annual budget for the college and submit it to the board of school estimate .
Since two of these could be trustees of the college , actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue .
Taxing improvements
to the editor :
The medical examiner states that death was due to `` natural causes '' .
to the editor :
Sir -- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit `` Our Changing Skyline in Newark '' .
Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere .
`` Deep Peep Show ''
The viewers of the `` Deep Peep Show '' at 15th and M Streets NW have an added attraction -- the view of a fossilized cypress swamp .
These microfossils indicate the swamp was `` formed during the Lower Cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing .
Working for peace
I would ask , `` Why not do both '' ? ?
Military power does not cause war ; ;
As to protection , the speaker disapproved of shelters , pointing out that fallout shelters would not save everyone .
Is this a reason for saving no one ? ?
Would the man with an empty life boat row away from a shipwreck because his boat could not pick up everyone ? ?
3 .
The speaker suggested that the desolation of a post-attack world would be too awful to face .
If the world comes to this , wouldn't it be the very time when courage and American know-how would be needed to help survivors rebuild ? ?
4 .
Pets in apartments
It seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs .
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide .
Is nothing in this country more sacred than the tourists' comfort ? ?
Perhaps the idea of sidewalk cafes could be extended .
The Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak .
It is visible throughout the city , and men from Madison Ave. would jump at the chance .
Sen. Hubert Humphrey is obviously a man with a soul and heart .
He , like most of us , wants to be able to sit , to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors .
Dissenting views of senators
For the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large , powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a nullity .
The United States and Soviet Russia have enough nuclear weapons to destroy all nations .
Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations .
President Kennedy was right when he said , `` We shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to negotiate '' .
I have just returned from a seven-week trip to Europe and the Far East .
It is quite evident that the people of Western Europe are overwhelmingly opposed to participation in a nuclear war .
It would be criminal folly if the Communists tried to prevent us .
But there is nothing we can do to stop Soviet Russia from granting de facto recognition to East Germany .
Soviet Russia has been invaded twice by German troops in a generation .
In the last war Russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and factories were devastated .
Probable agreement
The truth is that Communist Russia fears the resurgence of German militarism .
France and other Western European nations likewise fear a rearmed Germany .
President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets .
Why not make a beginning with a united and disarmed Germany whose neutrality and immunity from nuclear bombing would be guaranteed by the Big Four powers and the United States ? ?
Meeting U.N. obligations
to the editor of the New York Times :
I would like to quote from the Charter of the United Nations :
`` Article 17 , Section 1 : :
The General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization .
`` Article 19 : :
A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' .
But they refuse , as do the Arab states , to support the United Nations' expenses of maintaining the United Nations Emergency Force in the Middle East as a buffer between Egypt and Israel , and the U.N. troops in the Congo , which expenses are not covered by the regular budget of the United Nations , but by a special budget .
To aid international law
Connally amendment's repeal held step toward world order
to the editor of the New York Times :
In your Sept. 27 editorial appraisal of the work of the First Session of the Eighty-seventh Congress you referred to the lack of `` consciousness of destiny in a time of acute national and world peril '' .
The Connally amendment says that the United States , rather than the court , shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party .
Our `` destiny '' in these perilous times should be to lead strongly in the pursuit of peace , with justice , under law .
To achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect .
What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?
We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment .
For better subway services
Many home-bound subway riders utilizing the Flushing-Main Street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the Woodside station as their express comes to a stop , leaving them stranded and strained .
To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .
This `` holds '' the local until the express passengers change trains .
Phone service criticized
It has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing .
However , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators .
Either it is lack of training , lack of proper screening when hiring , lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company , which does have a Government-blessed monopoly .
to the editor :
I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled .
The funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price , far less than I had expected to pay .
But the hospitals and doctors should be .
Hazel Park donates its recreation center , five days a week , to the school .
Kiwanis , American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support .
Enough trading stamps were collected to buy a 12-passenger station wagon .
Maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare , DPW and sanitation .
Negligence in garbage and rubbish collections and alley cleaning is great .
He should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night .
There should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete overhauling .
Our litterbug ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a littering case .
Drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be weeded out .
Educate the city employes to give real service to the public .
At a recent meeting of the Women's Association of the Trumbull Ave. United Presbyterian Church , considerable use was made of material from The Detroit News on the King James version of the New Testament versus the New English Bible .
We feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines .
Ghost town ? ?
To the editor of the Inquirer :
Good for Mr. Trimmer .
Defends big trucks
I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an Expressway .
Mr. George Hough ( Oct. 30 ) sounds like a business man who waits until the last minute to leave his home or shop .
The trucks today help pay for this highway .
Out of school at 14
As I see it , if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back , the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the demage that is necessary .
Why do we need bigger and better bombs ? ?
I repeat , two wrongs do not make a right .
Everyone should take time to read Martin Luther's Hymn `` A Mighty Fortress Is Our God '' .
to the editor of the Inquirer :
Are we to be the master of the atom , or will the atom be our master -- and destroy us ! !
Just because Cheddi Jagan , new boss of British Guiana , was educated in the United States is no reason to think he isn't a Red .
We have quite a few home-grown specimens of our own .
How many times must we get burned before we learn ? ?
The war could have continued many years with many thousands killed on both sides .
Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world .
to the editor of the Inquirer :
Actually , of course , that label `` controversial '' applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than following the dictates of the Soviet Union .
At Khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated .
It is well for us to remember that a wreath on a coffin never can atone for flowers withheld while they still can be enjoyed .
to the editor of the Inquirer :
to the editor of the Inquirer :
however , several pertinent considerations deserve recognition .
We should avoid these congestion points or , putting it another way , keep cars starting and ending on the East side of the river -- on the East side .
( 3 )
One additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent .
Shadow over Washington Square
to the editor of the Inquirer :
Take away George Washington's statue .
Washington Square seems not part of a free land .
It may remind one of Russia , China or East Berlin ; ;
The Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals , because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square .
Fairmount Park Commission
If birds don't belong in a Square or Park , what does ? ?
They are the most beautiful part of that little piece of nature .
Just a preliminary measure .
If any are left , presently , we may expect to see signs specifically prohibiting the feeding of them too .
Of course , in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say , `` How come ? ?
Who wants this deed done '' ? ?
One means to help the birds occurs to me : Let the chimes that ring over Washington Square twice daily , discontinue any piece of music but one .
We will know , and He will know , to whom it is rendered , what the birds would ask :
not push-ups but stand-ups
to the editor of the Inquirer :
It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft .
Ashamed of our wealth and power , afraid of so-called world opinion and addicted to peace , we have allowed our soft-heartedness to lead to soft-headed policies .
I must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals .
The area most prominently commented on during the McClellan hearings had to do with `` sweetheart contracts '' .
Anyone familiar with the details of the McClellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders .
Further , it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Act .
They predicted escalation , and escalation is what we are getting .
Some time ago , however , Mr. Khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made , the Soviet Union would make them .
So escalation proceeds , ad infinitum or , more accurately , until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds .
The escalation must end sometime , and probably quite soon .
`` Only a discontinuity can end it '' , Professor Morrison writes .
`` The discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic policy '' .
Morrison points out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet Union or Red China , it is the most vulnerable of the great powers -- Europe of course must be written off out of hand .
His proposal is opposed to that of Richard Nixon , Governor Rockefeller , past chairmen Strauss and McCone of the Atomic Energy Commission , Dr. Edward Teller and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war .
These gentlemen are calling for a resumption of testing -- in the atmosphere -- on the greatest possible scale , all in the name of national security .
Escalation is their first love and their last ; ;
He has gained only one thing -- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges .
Not terror , but anger and resentment have been the general reaction outside the Soviet sphere .
When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another , it is only natural .
Thus , when the Russians sent up their first sputnik , American chagrin was human enough , and American determination to put American satellites into orbit was perfectly understandable .
When East Germans fled to the West by the thousands , paeans of joy rose from the throats of Western publicists .
They are less vocal now , when it is the West Berliners who are migrating .
The flood is not as great -- only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative account -- but it is symptomatic .
West Berlin morale is low and , in age distribution , the situation is unfavorable .
Nearly 18 per cent of West Berlin's 2,200,000 residents are sixty-five or older , only 12.8 per cent are under fifteen .
R. H. S. Crossman , M.P. , writing in The Manchester Guardian , states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of 1,700 a week , and applications to leave have risen to 1,900 a week .
They are leaving so fast that the president of the West German Employers' Federation issued an appeal this week to factory workers in the West to volunteer for six months' front-line work in factories in West Berlin .
Berlin's resilience is amazing , but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be hard indeed '' .
The handwriting is on the wall .
The only hope for West Berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and reunite the city .
State Department officials refusing to show their passes at the boundary , and driving two blocks into East Berlin under military escort , will not avail .
Tanks lined up at the border will be no more helpful .
Or the city can be a graveyard monument to Western intransigence , if that is what the West wants .
Vacancy
The head was then fixed on a pole at Westminster , and the rest of the body was buried under the gallows .
Contemplating these posthumous punishments , Stalin should not lose all hope .
The Lenin tomb is obviously adequate for double occupancy , Moscow is a crowded city , and the creed of Communism deplores waste .
There is Karl Marx , of course , buried in London .
Who but Nikita himself ? ?
Suppose he did lie beside Lenin , would it be permanent ? ?
Whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen .
To the hills , girls
No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade .
These are mentalities which crave action -- and they are beginning to get it , as Messrs. Salsich and Engh report on page 372 .
) left vague , the spirit of vigilantism is spreading .
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls .
According to Friends , the unit was organized by John Snook , a former World War 2 , commando who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company .
The girls , very fetching in their uniforms , are shown firing rockets from a launcher mounted on a dump truck ; ;
As the civic temper rises , the more naive citizens begin to play soldier -- but the guns are real .
All false gods resemble Moloch , at least in the early phases of their careers , so it would be unreasonable to expect any form of idol-worship to become widespread without the accompaniment of human sacrifice .
The annual butchery of 40,000 American men , women and children to satiate its blood-lust is excessive ; ;
If the railroads , for example , regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year , the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety , for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States .
From next New Year's Day let us keep careful account of each successive fatality on the highways , publicizing it on all media of communication .
To avoid suspicion of bigotry , let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked up the twenty-five thousandth corpse ; ;
Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4 , 1963 .
The band should play the Rogues' March as a processional , switching to `` Hail Columbia , Happy Land '' ! !
As the trap is sprung .
The highway system is an agency of government , and when it grinds up 40,000 Americans every year the government is destroying its own taxpayers , which is obviously a silly thing for any government to do .
True , the adherents of staying put are now reduced to a minor , even a miniscule sect , and their credo , `` Home-keeping hearts are happiest '' , is as disreputable as Socinianism .
In any event , the yearly sacrifice of 40,000 victims is a hecatomb too large to be justified by the most ardent faith .
If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive , say beyond 25,000 per annum , then somebody is going to hang , it follows that the more eminent the victim , the more impressive the lesson .
To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways ; ;
But the guilt is shared by the United States , Britain and France , the other members of the atomic club .
The effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations .
Shock , dismay and foreboding for future generations were legitimate reactions ; ;
The trial balloons are afloat .
On the one hand , the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots `` do not warrant undue public concern '' or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the Aj .
But the PHS conceded that the new radioactive particles `` will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations , and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States '' .
Then , to conclude on an indeterminate note : `` Nevertheless , if fallout increased substantially , or remained high for a long time , it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world '' .
Dr. Linus Pauling , a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry , has been less ambiguous , whether you choose to agree with him or not .
After declaring , in an article last month in Frontier Magazine , that the Russian testing `` carries with it the possibility of the most tragic consequences of any action in the history of the world '' , he gave this estimate of the biologic and genetic consequences if the new Soviet shots totaled 200 megatons :
Most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere , where the fallout is concentrating .
The lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups , from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn .
A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated : `` The question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' herein .
If it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout , it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests .
and President Kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those reported .
If the new Soviet series has followed the general pattern of previous Russian tests , the shots were roughly half fission and half fusion , meaning a fission yield of 30 to 40 megatons thus far .
To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November , 1958 .
Resuming atmospheric tests
It could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination .
Or it could have chosen to find -- by negotiation -- some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security .
This third choice was in fact made .
Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder .
The second choice , full testing , has become even more risky just because the current Soviet tests have already dangerously contaminated the atmosphere .
The third choice , negotiation , presupposes , as Russian behavior demonstrates , a great deal of wishful thinking to make it appear reasonable .
Its primary advantage is that it is a moral choice ; ;
Leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice .
For that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent Americans are now proposing .
Taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion , he argued that the responsibility of the United States is `` to do , confidently and firmly , not what is popular , but what is right '' .
What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations .
This is an ethical demand which cannot be evaded or glossed over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism .
There ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does .
Ecumenical hopes
With good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided Christendom .
But as the more concrete plans for the work of the Council gradually became known , there was a rather sharp and abrupt disappointment on all sides .
The Council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the Church .
First of all , it is now known that Pope John sees the renewal and purification of the Church as an absolutely necessary step toward Christian unity .
Secondly , a whole series of addresses and actions by the Pope and by others show that concern for Christian unity is still very much alive and growing within the Church .
The designation of five Catholic theologians to attend the World Council of Churches assembly in New Delhi as `` official '' observers reverses the Church's earlier stand .
The public appeal by the new Vatican Secretary of State , Cardinal Cicognani , for renewed efforts toward Eastern and Western reunion was still another remarkable act .
Augustin Cardinal Bea , the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity , has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches .
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words ? ?
Furthermore , we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more dismaying than reassuring .
The Eisenhower budget was simultaneously inadequate in its provisions and yet extravagant in its projections of revenue to be received .
The farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion , because of unusual weather factors , the Food for Peace program and other new measures .
Anti-recession programs -- aid for the unemployed , their children and for depressed areas -- account for only 900 million of the 6.9 billion dollar deficit .
And yet Mr. Kennedy persists in trying to mollify the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of `` tightening up '' and `` economizing '' .
We wish the President would remember that `` fiscal responsibility '' was the battle-cry of the party that lost the election .
The impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence .
One effect of the spirited give-and-take of these discussions was to focus attention on practical applications and the necessity of being armed with the facts : knowledge of the destructive force of even the tiniest `` tactical '' atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its use -- to defend Berlin , for example ; ;
Everywhere I went in Formosa I asked the same question .
I was searching for an accent of self-delusion or , even , of hypocrisy .
What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that , and that it can be done '' ? ?
He smiled .
( He always smiles -- at least at visitors , I gather .
Chiang spoke again , this time at greater length .
`` The President says '' , the translator came in , `` that the reason he asked you where you were going is because he hoped you would be visiting other areas in Southeast Asia , and that everywhere you went , you would seek the answer to your question .
Any information we have here in Taiwan is at your disposal '' .
For every person on Taiwan , there are sixty in Mainland China .
The estimates vary widely on the strength of the Chinese army .
Morale ? ?
It is generally conceded that the Formosan air force is the best by far in Asia , and the army the best trained .
Every soldier in the army has , somewhere , relatives who are close to starvation .
The soldiers themselves cannot stage a successful rebellion , it is assumed : but will their discontent spread to the officer class ? ?
Their privations are almost beyond endurance .
In behalf of what ? ?
The military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes , which , together , may prove fatal .
and where it is not , it is left with no residue , and the social meaning of this is enormous .
Thus the government simultaneously undertook the vast burden of social security which had traditionally been privately discharged , and created a national scarcity which has engendered calamitous problems of social security .
A friendly state , sometimes only semi-independent , but never hostile .
Tibet is too vast , the terrain is too difficult .
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France .
These continuing pressures , social , economic and military , are doing much to keep China in a heightening state of tension .
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men .
They hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest , we will receive the opportunity gladly .
But he -- and all of China -- wears the scars of American indecisiveness , and he knows what an uncertain ally we are .
We have been grand to Formosa itself -- lots of aid , and , most of the time , a policy of support for the offshore islands .
But our outlook has been , and continues to be , defensive .
A great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr. Kennedy's views on the world struggle .
The Free Chinese know that the situation on the Mainland is in flux , and are poised to strike .
New self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked bones .
One knows better , now , who has bone and who has jelly in his spine .
But I am here concerned more with policy than with men .
in relation to Laos , Algeria , South Africa ; ;
right now , with almost cartoon emphasis , in the temporally linked complex of Tshombe-Gizenga-Goa-Ghana .
This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left .
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved , what form of regime , what particular issue .
The U.S. cannot take the initiative against the Left .
There is even some question whether the U.S. can any longer defend itself against an initiative by the Left .
No matter that Gizenga is Moscow's man in the Congo .
No matter that the Katanga operation is strategically insane in terms of Western interests in Africa .
We can vote in the UN against South African apartheid or Portuguese rule in Angola , but we cannot even introduce a motion on the Berlin Wall -- much less , give the simple order to push the Wall down .
In the very week of our war against Katanga , we make a $133 million grant to Kwame Nkrumah , who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist bloc , and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship .
The Suez-Hungary crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new Administration , but only made more consistent and more active .
Our chief aim becomes that of finding favor in neutralist eyes .
And it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the Left .
the unoriginals
So far this season , Broadway's premieres have included twice as many adaptations and imports as original American stage plays .
Face Of A Hero ( closed ) , based on a Pierre Boulle novel .
The only original works attempting to reach any stature : Tennessee Williams' disappointing domestic comedy , Period Of Adjustment , and Arthur Laurents' clever but empty Invitation To A March .
Clearly the most provocative plays are all imported originals -- A Taste Of Honey , by Britain's young ( 19 when she wrote it ) Shelagh Delaney ; ;
The only other works at least technically original were dreary farces -- Send Me No Flowers ( closed ) , Under The Yum-Yum Tree , Critic's Choice .
In the forthcoming The Conquering Hero and Carnival , Broadway is not even adapting books , but reconverting old movies ( Hail The Conquering Hero and Lili ) .
Dry of life .
Originals are not necessarily good and adaptations are not necessarily bad .
Some memorable plays have been drawn from books , notably Life With Father and Diary Of Anne Frank .
And particularly in the musical field , adaptations have long been the rule , from Die Fledermaus and The Merry Widow to Oklahoma! and My Fair Lady .
The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world ; ;
most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : stage technique .
Laudably enough , it is offering classics and off-beat imports , but last week only one U.S. original was on the boards , Robert D. Hock's stunning Civil War work , Borak .
The real trouble seems to be the failing imagination of U.S. playwrights .
She : `` By subway or cab '' ? ?
between performances , enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur graces .
Small , shirt-sleeved orchestras play in 2/4 or 4/4 time , using guitars , violins , and more alien instruments with names that would open Sesame : the oud , grandfather of the lute ; ;
the darbuka , a small drum with the treelike shape of a roemer glass ; ;
But a great many of what Variety calls the `` Cooch Terpers '' are considerably less cosmic than that .
the belly dance leaves more to the imagination .
With tips , the girls average between $150 and $200 a week , depending on basic salary .
The melting pot .
The girls are kept booked and moving by several agents , notably voluble , black-bearded Murat Somay , a Manhattan Turk who is the Sol Hurok of the central abdomen .
As the girls come to belly dancing from this and other origins , the melting pot has never bubbled more intriguingly .
Some Manhattan examples :
Serene ( Mrs. Wilson ) , 23 , was born in Budapest and raised in Manhattan .
Many belly dancers are married , but Serene is one of the few who will admit it .
Leila ( Malia Phillips ) , 25 , is a Greenwich Village painter of Persianesque miniatures who has red hair that cascades almost to her ankles .
Gloria ( surname : Ziraldo ) , circa 30 , who was born in Italy and once did `` chorus work '' in Toronto , has been around longer than most of the others , wistfully remembers the old days when `` we used to get the seamen from the ships , you know , with big turtleneck sweaters and handkerchiefs and all .
This state of unawareness may not last much longer .
For ten years a small group of European and U.S. critics has been calling attention to the half-forgotten Austrian expressionist Egon Schiele , who died 42 years ago at the age of 28 .
The show has been to Boston and Manhattan , will in time reach Pittsburgh and Minneapolis .
Last week it opened at the J. B. Speed Museum in Louisville , at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix Landau gallery in Los Angeles .
But he painted some of the boldest and most original pictures of his time , and even after nearly half a century , the tense , tormented world he put on canvas has lost none of its fascination .
When he was 15 , his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna .
Cried one professor after a few months of Student Schiele's tantrums and rebellion : `` The devil himself must have defecated you into my classroom '' ! !
For years he wore hand-me-down suits and homemade paper collars , was even driven to scrounging for cigarette butts in Vienna's gutters .
The unabashed sexuality of so many of his paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay : his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy , and it was too much even for morbid-minded Vienna .
The children he painted were almost always in rags , his portraits were often ruthless to the point of ugliness , and his nudes -- including several self-portraits -- were stringy , contorted and strangely pathetic .
The most surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it is surprising -- perhaps quite as much , in its own way , as the Twentieth Congress of 1956 , which ended with that famous `` secret '' report on Stalin .
It seems that Khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a world-shaking contribution to Marxist doctrine with his Draft Program ( a large part of his twelve-hour speech at the recent Congress was , in fact , very largely a rehash of that interminable document ) .
Their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at `` bureaucracy '' and would enable `` the people '' to take a more direct and active part in running the country .
As we know , the Soviet peasant today still very largely thrives on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot ; ;
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm .
If one follows the reports of the Congress , one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter .
The Draft Program was interesting in other respects , too .
Over all these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to skate rather lightly ; ;
This was something on which K. himself seemed to have some doubts ; ;
One cannot but wonder whether these doubts about the success of Khrushchev's agricultural policy have not at least something to do with one of the big surprises provided by this Congress -- the obsessive harping on the crimes and misdeeds of the `` anti-party group '' -- Molotov , Malenkov , Kaganovich and others -- including the eighty-year-old Marshal Voroshilov .
Molotov , in particular , is being charged with all kinds of sins -- especially with wanting to cut down free public services , to increase rents and fares ; ;
His views , in fact , coincide with those of foreign enemies of peaceful coexistence , who look upon it merely as a variant of the `` cold war '' or of an `` armed peace '' .
For something , clearly , has gone very , very seriously wrong in Soviet-Chinese relations , which were never easy , and have now deteriorated .
The effect of Chou En-lai's clash with Khrushchev , together with the everlasting attacks on Molotov & Co. , has shifted the whole attention of the world , including that of the Soviet people , from the `` epoch-making '' twenty-year program to the present Soviet-Chinese conflict .
The big question is whether , in the name of a restored Chinese-Soviet solidarity , the Chinese will choose to persuade the Albanians to present their humble apologies to Khrushchev -- or get rid of Enver Hoxa .
Khrushchev , for all his bombastic prophecies about the inevitable decay of capitalism , is genuinely favorable to `` peaceful coexistence '' and would like , above all , the Berlin and German problems to be settled peacefully ; ;
And the Chinese , as the Albanian incident shows , have strong suspicions that Khrushchev is anxious to secure a `` shameful '' peace with the West .
The fact that China ( which is obsessed by Formosa -- to Khrushchev a very small matter ) should be supported by North Korea and North Vietnam is highly indicative .
And one cannot but wonder whether Marshal Malinovsky , who was blowing hot and cold , exalting peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West , wasn't trying to keep the Chinese quiet .
And this brings us inevitably to the 30- or 50-megaton bomb .
Was not this dropped primarily in order to `` appease '' the Chinese -- especially after `` Khrushchev's `` humiliating '' surrender to the West in canceling the German peace-treaty deadline of December 31 ? ?
He may support China ( but he won't ) ; ;
he may break with China ( which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous ) , or he may succeed , by all kinds of dangerous concessions , in persuading China to be patient .
But to the Minutemen , this is a serious business .
They feel that the United States is engaged in a life-and-death struggle with communism for survival and world supremacy .
They feel that World War 3 , has already begun , and they are setting themselves up as a `` last line of defense '' against the Communist advance .
In their maneuvers last month , they wore World War 2 , camouflage garb and helmets , and carried unloaded M-1 rifles .
A 60 mm. mortar and a 57 mm. recoilless rifle owned by Lauchli were brought along .
After a tortuous drive in an open truck and a World War 2 , army jeep down soggy trails , the band arrived at a small clearing squeezed between a long , low ridge and a creek-filled gully .
Here the two leaders , DePugh and Lauchli , hastened to put the group through its paces .
Eleven dummy rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of rapid-fire mortar shooting .
Mrs. DePugh , the mother of five children and an active member of her husband's organization , participated in all the exercises .
I will also be underpaid .
there is a limit to how much the public will pay for shoddy performance .
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure .
Loss of initiative
Without this power we lay open any American industry which the Europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others .
I disagree with Mr. Burnham's position on the Common Market ( Nov. 18 ) as a desirable organization for us to join .
For him to ignore the political consequences involved in an Atlantic Union of this kind is difficult to understand .
The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , self-rule .
He says : `` It has swept aside petty nationalisms , age-old rivalries , and worn-out customs '' .
Listen to what Mr. Johnston has to say : `` Consider the savage wounds that isolationism would inflict .
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need .
But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry .
If we want to preserve our sovereignty , this is the way to do it ; ;
Mental telepathy ? ?
The Peiping Chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on Monday morning , November 27 , anticipating by two days the announcement of the U.S. Treasury that the pegged offering price will be removed .
Now , more than five years later , I cannot in any realistic sense be called a trained soldier .
But , in spite of this , I , at present a man 31 years of age and a College Professor , have been recalled `` by direction of the President '' to report on November 25th to Fort Devens , Massachusetts , for another twelve months of Active Duty as an Sp 4 ( the equivalent of a PFC ) .
Today , seven years after the date of my initial induction as a draftee , I am Assistant Professor of Philosophy and Science at St. Michael's College .
For , after leaving the Army in 1956 , I spent five years in Graduate School first at Boston College and then at the University of Toronto .
The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys .
However , it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation `` to exercise its mandate reasonably , equitably and with full regard for the disruptions which it inevitably causes '' .
) At this late date , it is impossible for St. Michael's College to find a suitable replacement for me .
Mercenary : term of honor ? ?
In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries .
If the UN troops are not mercenaries then the Hessians were not mercenaries either .
It doesn't take a Gore Vidal to tell you what's wrong with Cherokee Textile's slogan ( Pitney-Bowes Objects '' , July 1 ) .
`` On trial in Jakarta for having flown for the Indonesian anti-Communist insurgents , U.S. pilot Alan Lawrence Pope boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom fighters , he was actually defending the sovereignty and independence of Indonesia .
At least in Indonesia , Khrushchev found an American proud to be at total war with Communism '' ! !
I found recently a very small article in the New York Times :
-- Indonesia Military Supreme Court has confirmed the death sentence passed on Alan Lawrence Pope , an American pilot .
He has been in prison since May , 1958 , when his aircraft was shot down over Moluccas .
He may appeal to President Sukarno for clemency '' .
This possibility is anything but reassuring .
The Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters .
But who will act now and immediately to save the life of Alan Pope ? ?
Are tractors available for him ? ?
Does anybody think of saving the life of an anti-Communist American pilot ? ?
Consider this table : 1 .
Louis 14 , -- Aj .
`` With no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will , he was the government '' .
2 .
`` A ' dust-settling ' period of decadence and decline '' .
3 .
`` He opened his mouth , said little , and thought not at all '' .
Louis 16 , -- Kennedy .
`` Not completely virtuous , but completely incompetent '' .
`` The beautiful and light-hearted '' .
I feel that N.C. hit the very core of our existence in the editorial `` Confrontation '' .
my only hope is that it will be shared by many , many others .
`` Confrontation '' should fortify us all , whether in Southeast Asia or the U.S. .
It would be heartbreaking to see idealism , and hence effective leadership , thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run into .
N.C.'s editorial `` Confrontation '' is a stunning piece of writing .
I would hope that Sargent Shriver will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it .
It is blind , fundamentalist dogmatism to say , `` Messing around with the King James version seems to us a perilous sport at best '' .
Facts in focus
Lester Markel is on the right track in his article `` Interpretation Of Interpretation '' ( SR , Mar. 11 ) .
The public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media .
Besides , there are no longer enough corruptible journalists about .
Second , it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous .
Despite several years of front-page stories , the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of McCarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating .
Southern California blackout
To begin with , the all-powerful Los Angeles Times does not publish a transcript of these press conferences .
Next , because of the time differential , the conferences come on the networks during the middle of the day .
This is no criticism of them , as they obviously cannot get a half-hour program into a fifteen-minute news summary .
I am interested to know he is getting mail from all over the country about the `` abuse '' he is being subjected to .
We out here don't see enough of the conference to know he is being abused .
I don't know if this is the situation in other parts of the country ; ;
It also happened with the Inauguration , which was not re-run at all during the evening hours , and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times .
Can you bring the networks' attention to this ? ?
I was interested in James Webb Young's Madison Avenue column in which he raised the question : `` Do We Need a College of Propaganda '' ? ?
( SR , Feb. 11 ) .
In my estimation , we definitely do ; ;
We had a couple of schools in this country , the principal one being on the Marshall Field estate out in Lloyd's Neck .
Four of us here in the United States attended , first as students , then as instructors , almost every one of these schools , in England , Canada , and the United States .
We hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for refresher courses each year or so .
Alas , no such thing happened .
There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare .
A study at the Pentagon and at the service academies revealed that nothing was being done there .
Snow storm
I was surprised and sorry to find in your issue of March 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published .
But the attack was made from an advance copy .
If this practice should take root and spread , the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality .
`` I have read an advance copy of the Snow book which is to be titled , ' Science And Government .
Until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail .
But I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of Godkin lectures at Harvard , from which the book was derived , and I can with confidence challenge the gist of C. P. Snow's incautious tale '' .
Watson-Watt's remarks in SR did not then , constitute a review of the book but a rebuttal to the Godkin Lectures .
Representatives of Harvard University Press , which is publishing the book this month of April , recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing Life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date .
The article presents the reader with an absurdity at its beginning .
It submits an enthusiastic , impressionistic conception of Lindemann contributing another aspect of the man , but on no more authoritative basis than Sir Charles' account .
But we are to believe that Lindemann actively supported radar outside the Tizard Committee , and dissembling , discounted it inside ? ?
I think it was a grave error to print the article at this time .
Not the noblest performance we have heard him play , or the most spacious , or even the most eloquent .
Those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .
But Mr. Hendl does not go straight to any point .
He flounders and lets music sprawl .
So we had some dazzling and memorable Milstein , but not great Brahms .
`` Parsifal '' follows July 25 , with Hans Knappertsbusch conducting , and he also conducts `` Die Meistersinger '' , to be presented Aug. 8 and 12 .
Rudolf Kempe conducts .
No casts are listed , but Lotte Lehmann sent word that the Negro soprano , Grace Bumbry , will sing Venus in `` Tannhaeuser '' .
Remember how by a series of booking absurdities Chicago missed seeing the Bolshoi Ballet ? ?
Remember how by lack of two big theaters Chicago missed the first visit of the Royal Danish Ballet ? ?
Allied Arts had booked Marlene Dietrich into McCormick Place Dec. 8 and 9 .
Something had to give .
Shorter booking , but still a booking .
We printed it .
Then why not the juicy booking Hurok had held for us ? ?
Well , Allied Arts has booked Lena Horne there for a week starting Dec. 4 .
It's all up in the air again '' .
An exhibition of Evelyn Cibula's paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center , 828 Davis St. .
In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget , the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' this season , returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas `` Don Giovanni '' , designed by Franco Zeffirelli .
H E. Bates has scribbled a farce called `` Hark , Hark , The Lark '' ! !
It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season .
If there is a moral lurking among the shenanigans , it is hard to find .
Perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in England still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged eccentrics .
Anyway , a number of them meet here in devastating collisions .
Another is a wily countryman called Larkin , whose blandly boisterous progress has been chronicled , I believe , in earlier volumes of Mr. Bates' comedie humaine .
They want to own a junior-grade castle , or a manor house , or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers .
The name of it is Gore Court , and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress T. S. Eliot .
That's not precisely the way Larkin urges them to look at it , though .
He conjures herds of deer , and wild birds crowding the air .
The stained-glass windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas , the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform .
The vast , dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch .
It's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse .
He doesn't really need the immense sum of money ( probably converted from American gold on the London Exchange ) he makes them pay .
When he needs money to buy something like , say , the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies .
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth .
First one , then the other
After Larkin has been persuaded to restock his tangled acres with pheasants , he poaches only what he needs for the nourishment of his family and local callers .
Cherkasov does not caricature him , as some actors have been inclined to do .
The voices of all the characters , including that of Cherkasov , have richness , roughness or color to conform with the personalities .
Though his character is broader and more comically rounded than the don , he gives it a firmness and toughness -- a sort of peasant dignity -- too .
The episode in which Sancho Panza concludes the joke that is played on him when he is facetiously put in command of an `` island '' is one of the best in the film .
True , the pattern and flow of the drama have strong literary qualities that are a bit wearisome in the first half , before Don Quixote goes to the duke's court .
But strength and poignancy develop thenceforth , and the windmill and deathbed episodes gather the threads of realization of the wonderfulness of the old boy .
The program came out of the NBC Special Projects department , and was slotted in the Du Pont Show Of The Week series .
Perhaps Special Projects necessarily thinks along documentary lines .
As a matter of fact , this latter approach has already been tried , and with pleasing results .
In an hour remembered for its almost rudderless movement , a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods .
Cameras stared at soloists' faces in extreme closeups , then considerately pulled back for full views of ensemble work .
)
One of the script's big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today .
Another source of NBC pride was its rare film clip of Bix Beiderbecke , but this view of the great trumpeter flew by so fast that a prolonged wink would have blotted out the entire glimpse .
Similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal .
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer .
By trying to be both a serious survey of a bygone era and a showcase for today's artists , the program turned out to be a not-quite-perfect example of either .
Still , the network's willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be commended , and future essays happily anticipated .
Even Joan Sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as Lucia in Donizetti's `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' Sunday night .
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss Sutherland took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers .
Her entrance in Scene 2 , Act 1 , brought some disconcerting applause even before she had sung a note .
Thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization .
She topped the sextet brilliantly .
Miss Sutherland appeared almost as another person in this scene : A much more girlish Lucia , a sensational coloratura who ran across stage while singing , and an actress immersed in her role .
Technically it was fascinating , aurally spell-binding , and dramatically quite realistic .
Her debut over , perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine .
Richard Tucker sang Edgardo in glorious voice .
His bel canto style gave the performance a special distinction .
She will sing `` La Sonambula '' with it here next week .
It's really quite fun -- as long as you like games .
You will need a stereo music system , with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart , and one or more of the new London `` Phase 4 '' records .
There are 12 of these to choose from , all of them of popular music except for the star release , Pass In Review ( SP-44001 ) .
This features the marching songs of several nations , recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand .
No reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner , and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music .
Directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time ; ;
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels .
Drums , xylophones , castanets , and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well .
Big Band Percussion ( SP-44002 ) seemed one of the least attractive discs -- the arrangements just didn't have so much character as the others .
In any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity .
But , alas , the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge .
The storyline , in sort , is wildly unrealistic .
Thus , in `` The Story Of Ruth '' we have Ruth , Naomi , and Boaz and sets that are meticulously authentic .
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War .
Yet for much of the globe , Hollywood is just that -- prime , if not sole , source of knowledge .
If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone , what conclusions do you think he might come to ? ?
Brahm's Sonata in A , although also vigorous , stood up well under the two artists' strong , large-scale treatment .
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance .
A Sonata For Violin And Piano , called `` Bella Bella '' , by Robert Fleming , was given its first United States performance .
Works by Dohnanyi , Hubay , Mr. D'Albert himself and Paganini , indicated that the violinist had some virtuoso fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric phrase .
In recent years Anna Xydis has played with the New York Philharmonic and at Lewisohn Stadium , but her program last night at Town Hall was the Greek-born pianist's first New York recital since 1948 .
Miss Xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard , and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control .
And the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound .
She played with style and a touch of the grand manner , and every piece she performed was especially effective in its closing measures .
It was in them that Miss Xydis was at her best .
The four Kabalevsky Preludes were also assured , rich in color and songful .
Miss Xydis' earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses , in which each variation was nicely set off from the others ; ;
Haydn's Sonata in E minor , which was unfailingly pleasant in sound , and Chopin's Sonata in B flat minor .
It only seems as if they did .
Field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of `` those who , finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves , are more interested in men and their reactions to stress , hardship and danger '' .
The man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is , of course , the Field Marshal himself .
William Joseph Slim , First Viscount Slim , former Governor General of Australia , was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War .
Parts of `` Defeat Into Victory '' are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units , but a little application makes everything clear enough .
On the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally well-written book .
He has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even `` a cardinal error '' .
He praises many individuals generously .
`` Defeat Into Victory '' is a dramatic and lively military narrative .
Before he could return to Burma , Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated remnants of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits .
He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many .
He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there .
For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly .
Other crucial matters required constant supervision : labor and all noncombatant troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ;
health , hygiene , medical aid and preventive medicine ; ;
logistics and transport ; ;
Expected of a commander
`` When in doubt as to two courses of action , a general should choose the bolder '' .
`` The commander has failed in his duty if he has not won victory -- for that is his duty '' .
`` It only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them .
Of the Japanese private he says : `` He fought and marched till he died .
Actually , the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and high-minded , and they sang it beautifully .
Under the capable direction of the choir's founder , Geroge Bragg , the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of Renaissance and Baroque madrigals and motets , excerpts from Pergolesi's `` Stabat Mater '' and all of the Britten `` Ceremonial Of Carols '' .
But Mr. Bragg is a remarkably gifted conductor , and the results he has produced with his boys are generally superior .
Most surprising of all , he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words .
Furthermore , there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music .
Tempos were lively .
A boy soprano named Dixon Boyd sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly .
The final group included folk songs from back home , stomped out , shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume .
Boys will be boys , and Texans will be Texans .
The combination proved quite irresistible last night .
Not that it is all funny , by any means , though some of it is definitely so , but simply that the dancers are young and handsome , high-spirited and communicative , and the program itself is as vivacious as it is varied .
The material is all basically of folk origin , gleaned from every section of Poland .
But under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska , who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948 , it has all been put into theatrical form , treated selectively , choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators , and performed altogether professionally .
Since the organization was created thirteen years ago , it is obvious that this is not the original company ; ;
The girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters .
They can be exuberant or sentimental , flirtatious or funny , but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull .
To pick out particular numbers is something of a problem , but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed .
There is , for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; ;
there is an enchanting polonaise ; ;
settings by William David Roberts .
The cast :
Producer John Holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his season's opener at Matunuck in Jean Kerr's `` King Of Hearts '' .
The dialogue is sharp , witty and candid -- typical `` don't eat the daisies '' material -- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays , and it was obvious that the Theatre-by-the-Sea audience liked it .
Not that Mr. Hedison does not make the most of his role .
A word should be said for Gary Morgan , a Broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular .
On the whole , audiences will like this performance .
The cast :
He's mad at a world he did not make .
This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards .
There is a fine second act , as an example , one in which Samuel Groom , as Dillon , has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another .
This is an exciting young actor to watch .
Also fine are Sue Lawless , as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive , Harold Cherry , as her scratchy spouse , and Hildy Weissman , as a vegetable in human form .
Still , his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale sustenance , despair .
The Warwick Musical Theater presents `` Where's Charley ? ?
The cast :
One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented , `` Once In Love With Amy '' is also , of course , one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era .
It is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo Ray Bolger .
In brief , Berman played himself and not Bolger .
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished .
The costumes are stunning evocations of the voluminous gowns and picture hats of the Gibson Girl days .
Berman , whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist , proved himself very much at home in musical comedy .
'' At Veterans Memorial Auditorium .
The book is by Jerome Weidman and George Abbott , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick , choreography by Peter Gennaro , scenery , costumes and lighting by William and Jean Eckart , musical direction by Jack Elliott , and the production was directed by Mr. Abbott .
The cast :
And little Zeme North , a Dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings .
all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity .
Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one .
I'm glad to say there's none of that distraction in this `` Fiorello ! !
Loew's theater presents `` Where The Boys Are '' , an MGM picture produced by Joe Pasternak and directed by Henry Levin from a screenplay by George Wells .
If most of them weren't exactly specific -- well , that's the way it is in life , I guess .
But at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead .
There are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations -- the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a `` mermaid '' is performing .
I was delighted with Paula Prentiss' comedy performance , which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask .
A couple of the males made good comedy , too -- Jim Hutton and Frank Gorshin .
To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining .
The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters .
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger , Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius , not to mention the felicities of his style .
And how he could write ! !
It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word `` intellectual '' has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues .
Of another colleague , George Santayana , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book .
The world might ring with the struggle , if we devoted ourselves exclusively to belaboring each other '' .
The `` belaboring '' is of course jocular , yet James was not lacking in fundamental seriousness -- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God .
Here again ' God will know his own ' '' .
About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
The one unifying note , if any , is sounded in the initial article entitled : `` How To Get Through The Day '' .
`` The Tyranny Of Trivia '' suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber .
And new vistas of hairshirt asceticism are opened by scholarly monographs entitled : `` Friends , Romans , Countrymen , Lend Me Your Ear-Muffs '' , `` Such a Phrase as Drifts Through Dream '' , and `` The New Vocabularianism '' .
James , he remarks in a letter to a friend , `` is attempting the impossible namely , to produce upon the reader , as a painting produces upon the gazer , a number of superimposed , simultaneous impressions .
He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get all at once , the various shadings and complexities '' .
Who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences ? ?
' Thank God for that ' , I said ; ;
In a sense , perhaps , Thurber is indebted artistically to the surrealist painter ( was it Salvador Dali ? ?
That is , it is literally a picture window : you don't see into the viscera ; ;
This is something like what Thurber's best effects are like , if I am not mistaken .
He is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties .
But there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low .
There is fear in the fifties as his title suggests and as his competent drawings show .
But there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like lightning .
It might be argued that the Communists are less inhuman than the Nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key .
But this argument cannot be pushed very far because the Communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to corrosion .
The Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler .
And the leading issue , that of piecemeal aggression , remains the same .
This is drama enough .
Do we ourselves offer Mr. Low less of a crusade ? ?
In the thirties we would not face our enemy ; ;
that was a nightmarish situation and Low was in his element .
Now we have stood up to the Communists ; ;
It might be that Low has seen too many stupidities and that they do not outrage him now .
Whatever the cause , his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic .
He does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man .
Suez ? ?
Instead the cartoons seem to deal with foibles .
Their Eisenhower is insubstantial .
He often drew the bomb .
But , but and but .
Look in this book for weak mortals and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale .
A gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man , city slicker , lebensraum specialist -- tries to take over Catfish Bend in this third relaxed allegory from Mr. Burman's refreshing Louisiana animal community .
But like all despots , as he builds his following from among the gullible , he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon ; ;
He may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes .
In substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Harris ( Uncle Remus ) and the polished , witty fables of James Thurber .
If Mr. Kennan is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals , if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic -- well , the record itself is not too encouraging .
Mr. Kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken .
With justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the purges , and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States '' .
He also speaks of Franklin D. Roosevelt's `` puerile '' assumption that `` if only he ( Stalin ) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like F.D.R. himself , ideological preconceptions would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily arranged '' .
No wonder Khrushchev's first message to President Kennedy was a wistful desire for the return of the `` good old days '' of Roosevelt .
the second , the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year .
They were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting .
They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue .
This , more than any other factor , led to the fiasco of Allied intervention .
As the author very justly says :
`` Had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an Allied intervention in North Russia '' .
The scope and significance of this intervention have been grossly exaggerated by Communist propaganda ; ;
here Kennan , operating with precise facts and figures , performs an excellent job of debunking .
And here is Kennan's image of Hitler , Stalin's temporary collaborator in the subjugation and oppression of weaker peoples , and his later enemy :
And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world , one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time : How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war .
The story of a quarter of a century of Soviet-Western relations is vitally important , and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator .
By and large , Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one .
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means .
Then there is a matchmaker , one Mikeen Flynn , a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected .
Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique , that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have , anyway .
Joan Fagan , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays Ellen , and sings the role very well , too .
If the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it , never mind ; ;
she fits into the general scheme well enough .
Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining .
And in the role of Will Danaher , Philip Bosco roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only one American but the whole British army , if he chose .
It sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain , and some of it , such as the catchy `` Sez I '' , does .
So is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under Jack Cole's expert choreographic direction .
Rouben Ter-Arutunian , in his stage settings , often uses the scrim curtain behind which Mr. Cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow .
The task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in Marseilles and putting them again on the screen , after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom , was a delicate and perilous one , indeed .
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project .
But now the task is completed and the uncertainty resolved with the opening of the English-dialogue picture at the Music Hall yesterday .
Whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show , whether partial to music or not , you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart .
Some of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow .
But , after a fifteen-minute delay , the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings .
They faced a rather small audience , as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon .
The music sang nicely , sprinted evenly when necessary , was properly accented and balanced .
The Franck symphonic poem , `` Psyche '' , is a lush , sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again .
Fortunate for the music itself , it is not too frequent a visitor ; ;
He did not let the strings , for instance , weep , whine or get hysterical .
An impressive technician , Mr. Skolovsky has fine rhythm , to boot .
A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs .
But granted all this , one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr. Skolovsky supplied .
Taken as a whole , though , it was a strong performance from both pianist and orchestra .
Mr. Skolovsky fully deserved the warm reception he received .
This was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry .
`` La Gioconda '' , like it or not , is a singer's opera .
And so , of course , it is a fan's opera as well .
Snow or no , the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the Ponchielli work .
After all , the opera has juicy music to sing and the goodies are well distributed , with no less than six leading parts .
One of those parts is that of evil , evil Barnaba , the spy .
His wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani , who was taking the part for the first time with the company .
Regina Resnik as Laura and Cesare Siepi as Alvise also were new to the cast , but only with respect to this season ; ;
Mr. Siepi was , as always , a consummate actor ; ;
with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently .
Their Vanguard album Madrigal Masterpieces ( BG 609 ; ;
stereo BGS 5031 ) is a good sample of the special , elegant art of English madrigal singing .
The English have managed to hold onto their madrigal tradition better than anyone else .
As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal .
Baroque instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong , lively , intense , controlled and quite abstract .
Both composers turn up on new imports from France .
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions De La boite A Musique .
They specialize in out-of-the-way items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention .
Couperin also turns up along with some lesser-known contemporaries on a disk called Musique Francaise Du 18e Siecle ( BAM LD 060 ) .
If Couperin shows the fashionable trend , the others do so all the more .
The strange , delightful little character pieces with their odd and sometimes inexplicable titles are still evocative and gracious .
Maitres Allemands Des 17e et 18e Siecles contains music by Pachelbel , Buxtehude , Rosenmueller and Telemann , well performed by the Ensemble Instrumental Sylvie Spycket ( BAM LD 035 ) .
Works by J. C. Bach , Anton Craft , Joseph Haydn , Giuseppe Sammartini , Comenico Dragonetti and J. G. Janitsch were performed by seven instrumentalists including Anabel Brieff , flutist , Josef Marx , oboist , and Robert Conant , pianist and harpsichordist .
Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program , but taken together they grew quite tiresome .
Selections from fifteen countries were sung as solos and duets in a broad range of languages .
Songs from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss Mao , who is a native of China , and those of the British Isles were sung by Mr. Fuller , who is English by birth .
The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal .
What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' .
The poor uneducated newlywed , a certain Gontran De Boismassif , has his problems in getting the necessary information .
It all takes place in the eighteenth century .
But they wish they could bring it back .
The simple , clever production was also able to tread the thin line between those extremes .
Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife and John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring .
`` Judy Garland has arrived in London .
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ?
And Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed , at times , a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings .
'' And her own personal songs like `` The Man That Got Away '' , and the inevitable `` Over The Rainbow '' .
She had held to the letter of her contract and didn't come onto the stage until well after 4 p.m. , the appointed hour , although the Music at Newport people had tried to get the program underway at 3 .
Then there was a bad delay in getting Mort Lindsey's 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs .
Her bouffant coiffure was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing .
In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range .
Before her chore was finished she was rescuing wind-blown sheets of music , trundling microphones about the stage , helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere .
And time after time she really belted out her songs .
Sometimes they struck me as horribly over-arranged -- which was the way I felt about her `` Come Rain or Come Shine '' -- and sometimes they were just plain magnificent , like her shatteringly beautiful `` Beautiful Weather '' .
To her partisan audience , such picayune haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise ; ;
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough .
They were rewarded with splendid , exciting , singing .
Her `` Rockabye Your Baby '' was as good as it can be done , and her really personal songs , like `` The Man That Got Away '' were deeply moving .
She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers .
Mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing , and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations .
Unfortunately , Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein .
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when Sarah Vaughan was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with Sarah on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet .
Miss Vaughan was back in top form , somehow mellowed and improved with the passage of time -- like a fine wine .
This was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out Saturday night when the Eddie Stack group , also local talent , went on first .
Putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose : it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot , when the audience is cold , restless , and in flux ; ;
it prevents late-comers from missing some of the people they have come a long way to hear , and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous Newport audience .
The Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship , not only in their own chosen set , but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns & Leon James , the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years , gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program .
In this he is sticking with tradition , however far removed from it he may seem to be .
Shearing takes over
Hendricks' story was designed for children and he had a small audience of small children right on stage with him .
Surprise addition
Jimmy Witherspoon , Blues singer ( and a good one ) , and the Ike Isaacs Trio , which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now , helping him with the musical examples .
Pianists who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in Schubert's Sonatas .
Rhythmic interest , melodic beauty and the expansiveness of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the Gilels playing .
His technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully .
I say chantey .
Either way , the Robert Shaw chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable listening .
Murray Louis and his dance company appeared at the Henry Street Playhouse on Friday and Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons in the premiere of his latest work , `` Signal '' , and the repetition of an earlier one , `` Journal '' .
Its abstract decor is by John Hultberg .
Here , as in `` Journal '' , Mr. Louis has given himself the lion's share of the dancing , and there is no doubt that he is capable of conceiving and executing a wide variety of difficult and arresting physical movements .
But chains of movements are not necessarily communicative , and it is in the realm of communication that the works prove disappointing .
One frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect , there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development .
Miss Tamiris' `` Once Upon A Time '' is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three `` figures '' that bother them somehow .
Nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time .
This news , announced by Jerome Toobin , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall .
This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains .
The details of the suburban concerts next season , and the centers in which they will be given , will be announced later , Mr. Toobin said .
The concertos that Van Cliburn has been associated with in New York since his triumphant return from Russia in 1958 have been the Tchaikovsky , the Rachmaninoff Third , and the Prokofieff Third .
It was pleasant last night , therefore , to hear him do something else : a concerto he has recently recorded , `` The Emperor '' .
The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him .
The elements that did were the introspective slow movement , the beautiful transition to the third movement , and the passages of filigree that laced through the bigger moments of the opening movement and the final Rondo .
Alfred Wallenstein , the conductor , sensitive accompanist that he is , picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of brooding , poetic mystery .
Mr. Wallenstein , who will lead all of the concerts in the cycle , also conducted the `` Leonore '' Overture No. 3 and the Fourth Symphony .
There are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in .
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
Deemed too static when it was first heard in `` Lady Be Good '' in Philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score .
It was heard again in Philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of `` Strike Up The Band '' and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up .
It finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of `` Strike Up The Band '' in 1929 .
)
Like the Gershwins , Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart were loath to let a good song get away from them .
If one of Mr. Rodgers' melodies seemed to deserve a better fate than interment in Boston or the obscurity of a Broadway failure , Mr. Hart was likely to deck it out with new lyrics to give it a second chance in another show .
Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michael McWhinney , along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory , in a delightfully refreshing album , Rodgers And Hart Revisited ( Spruce Records , 505 Fifth Avenue , New York ) .
stereo LSO 1066 ) that has some entertaining moments , although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect .
Robert Morse , singing with comically plaintive earnestness , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in Frank Loesser's score .
stereo LSO 1065 ) , but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics .
Mr. Herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms .
Not content to create only the music and lyrics , Noel Coward also wrote the book and directed Sail Away ( Capitol WAO 1643 ; ;
stereo SWAO 1643 ) , a saga of life on a cruise ship that is not apt to be included among Mr. Coward's more memorable works .
The melodies flow along pleasantly , as Mr. Coward's songs usually do , but his lyrics have a tired , cut-to-a-familiar-pattern quality .
With three fine Russian films in recent months on World War 2 , -- `` The House I Live In '' , `` The Cranes Are Flying '' and `` Ballad Of A Soldier '' -- we had every right to expect a real Soviet block-buster in `` The Day The War Ended '' .
It simply isn't , not by a long shot .
The Artkino presentation , with English titles , opened on Saturday at the Cameo Theatre .
Make no mistake , this Gorky Studio drama is a respectable import -- aptly grave , carefully written , performed and directed .
In describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments .
Tenderly and rather tediously , the camera rivets on the abrupt , deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher , complicated by nothing more than a friend they don't want to hurt .
It's the old story , war or no war , and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's `` Titanic '' , several seasons back , when the paramount concern was for the marital discord of a society dilettante .
Under Yakov Segal's direction , it begins stirringly , as crouching Soviet and Nazi troops silently scan each other , waiting for the first surrender gesture .
`` Ring Of Bright Water '' by Gavin Maxwell is just that -- a haunting , warmly personal chronicle of a man , an otter , and a remote cottage in the Scottish West Highlands .
`` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys .
How Maxwell recounts his first coming to Camusfearna , his furnishing the empty house with beach-drift , the subtle changes in season over ten years , is a moving experience .
But it isn't .
Systematically he would open and ransack drawers .
we were his Trinity , and he behaved towards us with a mixture of trust and abuse , passion and irritation .
In turn each of us in our own way depended , as gods do , upon his worship '' .
Yet the idyll ended .
Now Gavin Maxwell's Ring Of Bright Water has widened to enchant the world .
New York
-- The performances of the Comedie Francaise are the most important recent events in the New York theater .
So far as I know , the Comedie has never put Moliere's people in the costumes of the 20th century , but they do reinterpret plays and characters .
The new `` School For Wives '' was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic comedy -- the idea of turning some obviously ludicrous figure into a tragic character .
Among the Moliere specialists of some years ago , Louis Jouvet tried to humanize some of the clowns , while Fernand Ledoux , often performing at the Comedie , made them more gross than Moliere may have intended .
The part can lend itself to serious treatment ; ;
one influential French critic remarked : `` Pity for Arnolphe comes with age '' .
Accordingly , at the Comedie last year , Jean Meyer played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy .
But the stuff of tragedy was not truly present and the play became only comedy acted rather slowly .
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife .
Jouvet played him as a sincere zealot , and Ledoux , at the Comedie , made him a gross buffoon , or so the historians tell us .
His red face , his coarse gestures , and his lustful stares bespeak his sensuality .
But his heavenward glances and his pious speeches are not merely perfunctory ; ;
Occasionally , Seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another .
His normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man , frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or sly .
We are often told that the Comedie has , unfortunately , life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off the stage .
among his other parts are the leads in `` The Bourgeois Gentleman '' and `` The Imaginary Invalid '' .
In Moliere's farce , `` The Tricks Of Scapin '' , Robert Hirsch undertakes another of the great roles .
Here some innovation is attempted .
Hirsch says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world .
And surely his Scapin has a fresh directness , a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant .
Django , who was born Jean Baptiste Reinhardt in Belgium and who died in 1953 in France , was an extraordinary man .
Most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a cigarette .
And this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz .
You can catch up with him -- if you haven't already -- on RCA-Victor's album .
`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Lover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' .
All this is great proceedings -- get the minutes .
He dates back to the days before the first sailing ship pulled into New Orleans .
All this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems .
Mischa Elman shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American composers .
But , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet , more mannered than musical .
The occasion was sentimental ; ;
The American part of the evening consisted of Paul Creston's Dance Overture , William Schuman's `` Chester '' From `` New England Triptych '' and two works of Wallingford Riegger , Dance Rhythms , Op. 58 , and a Romanza For Strings , Op. 56A .
A woman who undergoes artificial insemination against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of `` A Question Of Adultery '' , yesterday's new British import at the Apollo .
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous .
The actor plays his role glumly under the lurid direction of Don Chaffey , as do Basil Sydney as his unsympathetic father and Anton Diffring as an innocent bystander .
After a protracted , hysterical trial scene more notable for the frankness of its language than for dramatic credibility , the jury , to no one's surprise , leaves the legal question unresolved .
And please it did , in every sense of the word , for it had the audience shouting much of the time in a manner far from typical of London audiences .
At the end of the program , indeed , there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes , and nothing could stop it .
Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all .
Only a plea from the house manager , John Collins , finally broke up the party .
The `` Taras Bulba '' excerpt is a rousing version of Gogol's Ukrainian folk-tale choreographed by Bo Fenster to music of Soloviev-Sedoi .
Its ballerina , Olga Moiseyeva , performs simple miracles of beauty , and Ludmilla Alexeyeva , Inna Korneyeva and Gabrielle Komleva make up a threesome of exquisite accomplishments .
a winning little `` Snow Maiden '' variation by the adorable Galina Kekisheva ; ;
two of those poetic adagios in Greek veils ( and superb esthetic acrobacy ) by Alla Osipenko and Igor Chernishev in one case and Inna Zubkovskaya and Yuri Kornevey in the other ; ;
an amusing character pas de cinq called `` Gossiping Women '' ; ;
Vadim Kalentiev was the conductor .
It was quite an evening ! !
As the pace of the quadrennial American political festival accelerated , Mr. White took more notes .
He traveled alternately with Mr. Kennedy and with Richard M. Nixon .
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates' `` in-groups '' .
He assembled quantities of facts about the nature of American politics in general , as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest Presidential election in American history .
how little we know of what there is to be known is made humiliatingly clear by Mr. White in `` The Making Of The President 1960 '' .
Mr. White , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter .
As a dramatic narrative `` The Making Of The President 1960 '' is continuously engrossing .
Then , in chronological order , Mr. White covers the primary campaigns , the conventions and the Presidential campaign itself .
Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions .
He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from numerous insiders and from Mr. Kennedy himself ; ;
but never from Mr. Nixon , who looked on reporters with suspicion and distrust .
`` Rarely in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less '' , says Mr. White .
Although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man , Mr. Nixon , Mr. White believes , ignored his own top-level planners , wasted time and effort in the wrong regions , missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television .
he trusts only himself and his wife .
He is a man of major talent -- but a man of solitary , uncertain impulses .
Mr. Kennedy , Mr. White believes , `` had mastered politics on so many different levels that no other American could match him '' .
Calm , dignified , composed , `` superbly eloquent '' , Mr. Kennedy always knew everything about everybody .
He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers .
Mr. Kennedy did not neglect to cultivate the personal friendship of reporters .
Mr. White admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr. Kennedy to be a fine President .
Throughout `` The Making Of A President '' Mr. White shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles .
Here are several :
`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' .
Nostalgia week at Lewisohn Stadium , which had begun with the appearance of the 70-year-old Mischa Elman on Tuesday night , continued last night as Lily Pons led the list of celebrities in an evening of French operatic excerpts .
Miss Pons is certainly not 70 -- no singer ever is -- and yet the rewards of the evening again lay more in paying tribute to a great figure of times gone by than in present accomplishments .
One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss Pons sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's `` Shadow Song '' .
On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on .
Lower costs and a larger number of stations are the key factors making such specialization possible .
It is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of 3,400 ) do a significant amount of programing for the Negro .
At least 60 stations devote all of their time to reaching this audience in about half of the 50 states .
These and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of Sponsor magazine , a trade publication for radio and TV advertisers .
For 10 years Sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio .
In the past 10 years , Sponsor observes , these trends have become apparent :
`` The forgotten 15 million '' -- as Sponsor tagged the Negro market in its first survey -- has become a better-remembered 19 million .
In the last decade the number of Negro-appeal radio program hours has risen at least 15 per cent , and the number of Negro-appeal stations has increased 30 per cent , according to a research man quoted by Sponsor .
A year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the 30-odd member stations are sure will bring in more business .
The 1960 census underscored the explosive character of the population growth .
It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of the U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states .
Also , the state with the largest number of Negroes is New York -- not in the South at all .
Recently , WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit .
The Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population .
Whatever the long-range impact of integration , the owners of Negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is loyal .
Furthermore , news and special presentations inform the listener about groups , projects , and personalities rarely mentioned on a general-appeal station .
Advertising copy frequently takes into account matters of special Negro concern .
he tends to shy away from the hooting and hollering personalities that originally made Negro radio programs famous '' .
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation '' .
Presentation of `` The Life And Times Of John Sloan '' in the Delaware Art Center here suggests a current nostalgia for human values in art .
Staged by way of announcing the gift of a large and intimate Sloan collection by the artist's widow , Helen Farr Sloan , to the Wilmington Society of the Fine Arts , the exhibition presents a survey of Sloan's work .
From early family portraits , painted before he entered the schools of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year ( 1951 ) and still part of his estate .
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived .
Few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little bitterness .
The paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all reflect the manners , costumes , and mores of America in the first half of the present century .
The exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art .
One of the most appealing of the rooftop canvases is `` Sun And Wind On The Roof '' , with a woman and child bracing themselves against flapping clothes and flying birds .
Not all the paintings , however , are of cities .
The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest ( `` Koshare in the Dust '' , a vigorous Indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ) .
There are 151 items in the Wilmington show , including one painting by each member of the `` Eight '' , as well as work by Sloan's friends and students .
Supplementing the actual art are memorabilia -- correspondence , diaries , books from the artist's library , etc. .
All belong to the collection being given to Wilmington over a period of years by Mrs. Sloan , who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with Sloan at the Art Students League , New York , in the 1920's .
The entire Sloan collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and historians .
Any musician playing Beethoven here , where Beethoven was born , is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care .
In a sense , he is offering Bonn what its famous son ( who left as a youth ) never did -- the sound of the composer's mature style .
The 32 C Minor Variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another , leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline .
Two late Sonatas , Op. 110 and 111 , were played with similar insight , the disarming simplicities of the Op. 111 Adagio made plain without ever becoming obvious .
Herr Riefling , in everything he gave his large Beethoven Hall audience , proved himself as an interpreter of unobtrusive authority .
Volker Wangenheim , who conducted Bonn's Stadtisches Orchester on the following evening , made one more conscious of the process of interpretation .
His was a burgomaster's Beethoven , solid and sensible .
The entrance of the Stadtisches Gesangverein ( Bonn's civic chorus ) was worth all the waiting , however , as the young Rhenish voices finally brought the music to life .
The last program of this festival , which during two weeks had sampled most compositional categories , brought the Cologne Rundfunk-Sinfonie-Orchester and Rundfunkchor to Bonn's gold-filled hall for a performance of the Missa Solemnis .
A tribe in ancient India believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants , which in turn stood on the shell of a great tortoise .
These keys are the working principles of physics , mathematics and astronomy , principles which are then extrapolated , or projected , to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge .
In the autumn of 1959 , the British Broadcasting Corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in cosmology .
Three of these men discussed major theories of the universe while the other acted as a moderator .
The participants were Professor H. Bondi , professor of mathematics at King's College , London ; ;
Dr. W. B. Bonnor , reader in mathematics at Queen Elizabeth College , London ; ;
The programs were so well received by the British public that the arguments have been published in a totally engrossing little book called , `` Rival Theories Of Cosmology '' .
First of all , and this has been calculated by observation , the universe is expanding -- that is , the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds .
Because of this Dr. Bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there .
He supports the steady-state theory which holds that matter is continually being created in space .
New galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the gaps left by the receding galaxies .
For new galaxies to be created , Professor Bondi declares , it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years .
Dr. Lyttleton backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of protons and electrons .
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter .
Suppose , says Dr. Lyttleton , the proton has a slightly greater charge than the electron ( so slight it is presently immeasurable ) .
This would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess .
Fleeting glimpse
It is clear from this discussion that cosmologists of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new vistas to science .
There would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us , giving us a long-sought ladder from which to peer at alien regions .
In doing away with the tea tray , the elephants and the giant tortoise , science has developed a series of rationally defensible explanations of the cosmos .
And although the universe may forever defy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man .
`` Roots '' , the new play at the brand-new Mayfair Theater on 46th St. which has been made over from a night club , is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl .
They care no more for politics , says Mr. Wesker , than they do for a symphony .
Seeming to have roots in the soil , they actually have none in life .
They dwell , in short , in the doltish twilight in which peasants and serfs of the past are commonly reported to have lived .
The messy meals , the washing of dishes , the drying of clothes may be realism , but there is such a thing as redundancy .
She is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named Ronnie ( we never do see him ) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and appreciating , including a dose of good British socialism .
Beatie , getting no sympathy for her misfortune , soon rallies and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom .
Despite a too long sustained declamatory flight , this final speech is convincing , and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by `` Roots '' .
There were several fairly good minor portraits in the play , including William Hansen's impersonation of a stubborn , rather pathetic father , and Katherine Squire's vigorous characterization of a farm mother who brooked no hifalutin' nonsense from her daughter , or anyone else .
The audience filled all the seats inside the Wollman enclosure and overflowed onto the lawns outside the fence .
The barbed sallies of Beatrice and Benedick , so contemporary to a public inured to the humor of insult , raised chuckles .
The simple-minded comedy of Dogberry and Verges , also familiar in a day that responds easily to jokes skimmed off the top of writers' heads , evoked laughter .
But the rain came more heavily , and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart .
The grieving Hero and her father , Leonato , followed by the Friar , left the stage .
Others huddled under the trees outside the fence .
Twenty minutes after the interruption , although it was still raining , the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped .
In their very first speeches it was clear that Shakespeare , like a Nostradamus , had foreseen this moment .
The heavens refused to give up their weeping .
The gallant company completed Act 4 , and got through part of Act 5 .
But the final scenes could not be played .
If any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the downpour are in doubt about how it comes out , let them take comfort .
The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare .
For style and assurance , for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her .
If the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be , it is still a beautiful instrument , controlled and flexible .
Put to the service of lieder of Schubert , Brahms , Strauss and Wolf in a dramatical and musical way , it made its effect with ease and precision .
But what has been happening recently might be described as creeping mannerism .
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable .
Clever light songs were overly coy , tragic songs a little too melodramatic .
There was an extra pause here , a gasp or a sigh there , here and there an extra little twist of a word or note , all in the interest of effect .
There were stunning musical phrases too , and sometimes the deepest kind of musical and poetic absorption and communication .
Miss Schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them .
Mr. Ailey's `` Roots Of The Blues '' , an earthy and very human modern dance work , provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening .
As Brother John Sellers sang five `` blues '' to the guitar and drum accompaniments of Bruce Langhorne and Shep Shepard , Mr. Ailey and Miss De Lavallade went through volatile dances that were by turns insinuating , threatening , contemptuous and ecstatic .
Their props were two stepladders , a chair and a palm fan .
The cat-like sinuousness and agility of both dancers were exploited in leaps , lifts , crawls and slides that were almost invariably compelling in a work of strong , sometimes almost frightening , tensions .
`` Roots Of The Blues '' may not be for gentle souls , but others should welcome its super-charged impact .
`` Perhaps it is better to stay at home .
The armchair traveler preserves his illusions '' .
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of Sacheverell Sitwell , Mr. Sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) .
Most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines .
All are well written and are overwritten .
William Sansom writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London , Vienna , the French Riviera and the Norwegian fjords .
But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions .
`` Beneath any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all .
To transmit that feeling he writes '' .
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ;
at the supreme delights to be found in one of the world's finest restaurants , La Bonne Auberge , which is situated on the seacoast twenty miles west of the Nice airport ; ;
And , for all his lacquered , almost Byzantine self-consciousness , he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison .
`` The white colonnaded , cedar-roofed Southern mansion is directly traceable via the grey and buff stone of grey-skied England to the golden stucco of one particular part of the blue South , the Palladian orbit stretching out from Vicenza : the old mind of Andrea Palladio still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a Southern porch , the deep friezes of his architectonic music rise firm above the shallower freeze in the kitchen , his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint julep , his sense of columns framing the warm velvet night has brought together a million couple of mating lips '' .
`` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs .
Which in itself is an immediate reward of the WBAI experiment ; ;
Titled `` What's New In Music '' ? ?
The brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points , and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze .
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene .
The Moiseyev Dance Company dropped in at Madison Square Garden last night for the first of four farewell performances before it brings its long American tour to a close .
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart .
The `` Suite Of Old Russian Dances '' that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens and built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth ; ;
the amusing `` Yurochka '' , in which a hard-to-please young man is given his come-uppance ; ;
and the hilarious picture of social life in an earlier day called `` City Quadrille '' are all just as good as one remembers them to have been , and they are welcome back .
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth .
The only other regions so blessed are the British Isles , western Europe , eastern China , southern Chile and parts of Japan , New Zealand and Tasmania .
Jack Frost is not really responsible for this great seasonal spectacle ; ;
The best effects come from a combination of temperate climate and plenty of late-summer rain , followed by sunny days and cool nights .
Foliage pilgrimages , either organized or individual , are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year .
Below is a specific guide , keyed to the calendar .
Late September finds Quebec's color at its peak , especially in the Laurentian hills and in the area south of the St. Lawrence River .
New England .
Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from Sept. 25 to Oct. 15 , and often hit a height in early October .
About the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent -- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct. 14 , 15 .
During the first half of October the Blue Ridge and other parts of the Appalachians provide a spectacle stretching from Maryland and West Virginia to Georgia .
Midwest .
In Wisconsin , take route 55 north of Shawano or routes 78 and 60 from Portage to Prairie Du Chien .
In Michigan , there is fine color on route 27 up to the Mackinac Straits , while the views around Marquette and Iron Mountain in the Upper Peninsula are spectacular .
In Minnesota , Arrowhead County and route 53 north to International Falls are outstanding .
Farther south , there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks , with some seasonal peaks as late as early November .
Illinois' Shawnee National Forest , Missouri's Iron County and the maples of Hiawatha , Kan. should be at their best in mid-October .
The West .
In Colorado , Ouray has its Fall Color Week Sept. 22-29 , Rye and Salida both sponsor Aspencades Sept. 24 , and Steamboat Springs has a week-long Aspencade Sept. 25-30 .
Americana
Longwood Gardens , near Kennett Square , Pa. ( about 12 miles from Wilmington , Del. ) , was developed and heavily endowed by the late Pierre S. Du Pont .
The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round , and the 192 permanent employes make sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor .
The greenhouses alone cover 3-1/2 acres .
Books
Though the subject -- segregation in her native South -- has been thoroughly worked , Miss McCullers uses her poet's instinct and storyteller's skill to reaffirm her place at the very top of modern American writing .
With an art that almost conceals art , J. D. Salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts .
Here , in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season ( his first since The Catcher In The Rye , ) he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her 25-year-old brother .
The Head Of Monsieur M. ,
There is probably a moral in all this about `` mind vs. heart '' .
Virgilia Peterson , a critic by trade , has turned her critical eye pitilessly and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events .
Rural Free ,
Two noted troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start .
Festivals
With harvests in full swing , you can enjoy festivals for grapes at Sonoma , Calif. ( Sept. 22-24 ) , as well as for cranberries at Bandon , Ore. ( Sept. 28 thru Oct. 1 ) , for buckwheat at Kingwood , W. Va. ( Sept. 28-30 ) , sugar cane at New Iberia , La. ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) and tobacco at Richmond , Va. ( Sept. 23-30 ) .
The 300th anniversaries of Staten Island ( through Sept. 23 ) and of Mamaroneck , N.Y. ( through Sept. 24 ) will both include parades and pageants .
Movies
Purple Noon :
This French film , set in Italy , is a summertime splurge in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scenery -- so breath-taking that at times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with .
Norma .
Callas devotees will have good reason to do their customary cart wheels over a new and complete stereo version of the Bellini opera .
Maria goes all out as a Druid princess who gets two-timed by a Roman big shot .
In a raucous take-off on radio commercials , Singer Ray Stevens hawks a cure-all for neuritis , neuralgia , head-cold distress , beriberi , overweight , fungus , mungus and water on the knee .
Of the nation's eight million pleasure-boat owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the loveliest seasons to be afloat -- at least in that broad balmy region that lies below America's belt line .
Waterways are busy right now from the Virginia capes to the Texas coast .
More and more boats move overland on wheels ( 1.8 million trailers are now in use ) and Midwesterners taking long weekends can travel south with their craft .
west coast .
New docks and ramps are being rushed at Playa Del Rey , Ventura , Dana Point , Oceanside and Mission Bay .
Inland , outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over Colorado River sandbars and Lake Mead .
On Nov. 11 , 12 , racers will drive their flying shingles in 5-mile laps over its 500-mile speedboat course .
In San Francisco Bay , winds are gusty and undependable during this season .
A sailboat may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie becalmed the next .
Hurricane Carla damaged 70% of the marinas in the Galveston-Port Aransas area but fuel service is back to normal , and explorers can roam as far west as Port Isabel on the Mexican border .
Sailing activity is slowed down by Texas northers , but power cruisers can move freely , poking into the San Jacinto , Trinity and Brazos rivers ( fine tarpon fishing in the Brazos ) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of Barataria .
Off Grand Isle , yachters often visit the towering oil rigs .
The Mississippi Sound leads into a protected waterway running about 200 miles from Pascagoula to Apalachicola .
Memphis stinkpotters like McKellar Lake , inside the city limits , and sailors look for autumn winds at Arkabutla Lake where fall racing is now in progress .
At New Orleans , 25-mile-square Lake Pontchartrain has few squalls and year-long boating .
Marinas are less plush than the Florida type but service is good and Creole cooking better .
tva lakes .
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states .
If this was in fact Mr. Remarque's intention he has achieved a notable failure .
Mr. Remarque's conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble .
the automobile racing bears little relation to reality .
The book carries a disclaimer in which Remarque says it has been necessary for him to take minor liberties with some of the procedures and formalities of racing .
The necessity is not clear to me , and , in any case , to present a case-hardened race-driver as saying he has left his car , which , or whom , he calls `` Giuseppe '' , parked `` on the Place Vendome sneering at a dozen Bentleys and Rolls-Royces parked around him '' is not a liberty ; ;
it is an absurdity .
But it is in the matter of preoccupation with death , which is the primary concern of the book , that Remarque's failure is plainest .
a Portago could say , as he did say to me , `` If I die tomorrow , still I have had twenty-eight wonderful years ; ;
Clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast under the hood '' .
Clerfayt , driving , sees himself `` a volcano whose cone funneled down to hell '' ; ;
However , my principal objection in this sort of novel is to the hackneyed treatment of race-drivers , pilots , submariners , atomic researchers , and all the machine-masters of our age as brooding mystics or hysterical fatalists .
The west is leaderless , according to this book .
In contrast , the East is ably led by such stalwart heroes as Khrushchev , Tito , and Mao .
Against this invincible determination to communize the whole world stands a group of nations unable to agree on fundamentals and each refusing to make any sacrifice of sovereignty for the common good of all .
But these Western countries do care about themselves .
With this barrage , Montgomery of Alamein launches his attack upon the blunderings of the West .
At war's end leadership in Western Europe passed from Britain because the Labour Government devoted its attention to the creation of a welfare state .
With Britain looking inward , overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States .
`` America gave generously in economic aid and military equipment to friend and foe alike '' .
She pushed wartorn and poverty-stricken nations into prosperity , but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace .
However , she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed .
This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States , namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany , that the East German government does not exist , that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired , that the true government of China is in Formosa , that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960 , and that either China or Russia wants or expects war .
After drastically overhauling NATO , Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West .
Major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their own territories , say by 1970 .
`` The West should make the central proposal ; ;
Montgomery knew all the national leaders up to the time of Kennedy .
The man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is De Gaulle .
Whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership .
The leader Montgomery envisages will need to discipline himself , lead a carefully regulated and orderly life , allow time for quiet thought and reflection , adapt decisions and plans to changing situations , be ruthless , particularly with inefficiency , and be honest and morally proper .
All in all , Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him .
He believes that greatness is a marriage between the man and the times as was aptly represented by Churchill , who would very possibly have gone down in history as a political failure if it had not been for Hitler's war .
It suffers from a lack of unity of purpose and respect for heroic leadership .
And it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events .
But then , Mario Lanza was no common singer , and his whole career , public and non-public , was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first `` recital '' only when he has ceased to be a living voice .
It is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( RCA Victor LM 2454 , $4.98 ) .
The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day .
That mother hen of the weight-height tables , the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , clucks that 48 million Americans are overweight .
Through previous centuries , eating changed by nearly imperceptible degrees , and mostly toward just getting enough .
For the first time in history , the U.S. has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the Government's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose inconspicuously of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce .
Refrigeration , automated processing and packaging conspire to defy season and banish spoilage .
To eat is human , the nation is learning to think , to survive divine .
Fads , facts
At juice bars in Los Angeles' 35 `` health '' stores , a new sensation is a pink , high-protein cocktail , concocted of dried eggs , powdered milk and cherry-flavored No-Cal , which sells for 59-cents per 8-oz. glass .
Grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all .
From his birch-paneled office in the Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene , under the university's football stadium in Minneapolis ( `` We get a rumble on every touchdown '' ) , blocky , grey-haired Dr. Keys directs an ambitious , $200,000-a-year experiment on diet , which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing .
And fats .
Out of cholesterol come Keys's main messages so far :
Americans eat too much fat .
With meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the calorie-heavy U.S. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind , says Dr. Keys , that increases blood cholesterol , damages arteries , and leads to coronary disease .
Obesity : a malnutrition .
In the well-fed U.S. , deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years .
Physiologically , people overeat because what Dr. Jolliffe calls the `` appestat '' is set too high .
The appestat , which adjusts the appetite to keep weight constant , is located , says Jolliffe , in the hypothalamus -- near the body's temperature , sleep and water-balance controls .
Physical exercise raises the appestat .
In rare cases , diseases such as encephalitis or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently , destroying nearly all sense of satiety .
Far more frequently , overeating is the result of a psychological compulsion .
It may be fostered by frustration , depression , insecurity -- or , in children , simply by the desire to stop an anxious mother's nagging .
Reports Dr. Keys : `` A fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more .
He may be interested in another woman , or just like being with the boys .
So she fishes around in the cupboard and hauls out a chocolate cake .
It's a matter of boredom , and the subconscious feeling that she is entitled to something , because she's being deprived of something else '' .
`` It contains large amounts of protein , vitamins and minerals .
In the quantity of 900 calories a day , anyone will lose weight on it -- 20 , 30 or 40 lbs. '' .
But Keys worries that the Metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food .
But they cannot fully explain the process of its manufacture by the human liver .
Although the fatty protein molecules , carried in the blood and partly composed of cholesterol , are water soluble , cholesterol itself is insoluble , and cannot be destroyed by the body .
`` A remarkable substance '' , says Dr. Keys , `` quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries '' .
Explains Keys : As the fatty protein molecules travel in the bloodstream , they are deposited in the intima , or inner wall of a coronary artery .
As cholesterol piles up , it narrows , irritates and damages the artery , encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation .
Ordinarily , the human liver synthesizes only enough cholesterol to satisfy the body's needs -- for transportation of fats and for production of bile .
During World War 2 , , doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact : despite the stresses of Nazi occupation , the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping .
That year , Sweden's Haqvin Malmros showed that the sinking death rate neatly coincided with increasingly severe restrictions on fatty foods .
That same year the University of California's Dr. Laurance Kinsell , timing oxidation rates of blood fats , stumbled onto the discovery that many vegetable fats cause blood cholesterol levels to drop radically , while animal fats cause them to rise .
All natural food fats fall into one of three categories -- saturated , mono-unsaturated and poly-unsaturated .
The degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat molecule .
Mono-unsaturated fats have room for two more hydrogens on each molecule , and the poly-unsaturated fat molecule has room for at least four hydrogens .
One of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit .
Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities .
Demons , fairies , angels , and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars .
In such a world the words `` matter '' and `` spirit '' both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all .
In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously .
The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it .
In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit .
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support .
In doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread misconceptions , removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear , and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions .
The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough .
The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit .
Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives .
As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century .
There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people .
Instead , the audience can sit back at ease and , from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things , enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion .
A teenage girl , Abigail Williams , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the Reverend Samuel Parris , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings .
Everyone in Salem , saint and sinner alike , is swept up by it .
It grows terribly and unavoidably in power and leaves in its wake a trail of misery , moral disintegration , and destruction .
The audience leaves the play under a spell , It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes .
The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them .
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this .
In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants .
Better minds than Hale's were -- and still are -- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken '' .
( page 33 ) On the other hand , a little later on he says : `` Since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out God's beard and the Devil's horns , but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes .
The concept of unity , in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas .
It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power .
The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary .
Apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , cohesiveness , and permanence .
In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit , the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful .
For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit .
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere .
It is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers .
It is they , of course , who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it .
This does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching .
The absurd notion that demythologization entails the expurgation of all mythological concepts completely misrepresents Bultmann's intention .
When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned , we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence .
The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith '' .
But this statement is completely unconvincing .
Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated .
On the contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .
This is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class .
Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation .
However , even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming , at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace .
To be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of First Corinthians .
But , as Scripture everywhere reminds us , God does have need of his creatures , and the church , a fortiori , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by God's providence , presents it .
And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men .
But the main point here is that even if such a restatement were not possible , the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable .
Modern man , as Dietrich Bonhoeffer has told us , has `` come of age '' ; ;
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it .
In any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us .
To say this , of course , is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years , or , at any rate , since the beginning of the distinctively modern period in theological thought .
For we must number here not only the names of Bushnell , Clarke , and Rauschenbusch , not to mention those of `` the Chicago School '' and Macintosh , but those of the brothers Niebuhr and ( if America may claim him ! !
) Tillich as well .
Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of Alfred North Whitehead .
When we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .
If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally , the position of the `` right '' is clearly untenable .
It follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in American and English theology .
We may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by Bultmann , Barth , and Buri .
Thus , if what is at issue is whether `` All S is P '' , it is indifferent whether `` Some S is not P '' or `` No S is P '' , since in either case the judgment in question is false .
A second point requires more extended comment .
It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by Barth , rests on the following thesis : The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ;
( 2 ) accepts instead a special biblical hermeneutics or method of interpretation ; ;
Now again in 1961 , in England , there is perhaps nothing in the religious sphere so popularly discussed as Christian unity .
The Church Unity Octave , January 18-25 , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches .
In representing part of this new picture , I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; ;
Since the Protestant clergy for the most part wear gray or some variant from the wholly black suit , my Roman collar and black garb usually identify me in England as a Roman Catholic cleric .
`` When you pile your `` guy '' on the bonfire tomorrow night , I wonder how much of the true story of Guy Fawkes you will remember ? ?
In the 355 years since the first Guy Fawkes Night , much of the story has been forgotten , so here is a reminder '' .
The article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a Catholic plot to kill King James 1 .
Now , in 1961 , the Catholic population of England is still quite small ( ten per cent , or 5 million ) ; ;
yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the churchgoing population .
From many sides come remarks that Protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval cathedrals look all but empty during services .
The Protestant themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches .
According to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England , the `` total of confirmed members is 9,748,000 , but only 2,887,671 are registered on the parochial church rolls '' , and `` over 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England , but roughly only a tenth of them continue '' .
An amazing article in the Manchester Guardian of last November , entitled `` Fate Of Redundant Churches '' , states than an Archbishops' Commission `` reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now , or will be in 20 years' time .
Most of these former churches are now used as warehouses , but `` neither Anglicans nor Nonconformists object to selling churches to Roman Catholics '' , and have done so .
Still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing .
That day is perhaps today , 1961 , and it seems no longer very meaningful to call England a `` Protestant country '' .
With traditional nationalistic spirit , some Englishmen claim that English Catholicism is Catholicism at its best .
It has been my experience to find as many men as women in church , and to hear almost everyone in church congregations reciting the Latin prayers and responses at Mass .
They hope , of course , to reclaim the non-Catholic population to the Catholic faith , and at every Sunday Benediction they recite by heart the `` Prayer for England '' :
Intercede for our separated brethren , that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief Shepherd , the vicar of thy Son .
Because they have kept the faith of their medieval fathers , English Catholics have always strongly resented the charge of being `` un-English '' .
I have not seen this charge made during my stay here , but apparently it is still in the air .
In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good .
One of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge Universities .
Moreover , for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs .
Now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at Oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University .
The Catholic priest , though somewhat superficially drawn , easily came out the best .
There were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman , who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman .
Such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public press of mid-Victorian England .
There was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on B.B.C. , where comments were equally made by an Anglican parson , a Free Church minister and a Catholic priest .
A notable example of this was the discussion of Christian unity by the Catholic Archbishop of Liverpool , Dr. Heenan , and the Anglican Archbishop of York , Dr. Ramsey , recently appointed Archbishop of Canterbury .
The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months .
Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; ;
news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit ; ;
a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; ;
The death of a man is unique , and yet it is universal .
The straight line would symbolize its uniqueness , the circle its universality .
But how can one figure symbolize both ? ?
he dare not be a cosmic aeon that swoops to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history .
His history is his alone , yet each man must recognize his own history in it .
His death is his alone , yet each man can see his own death in the crucifixion of Jesus .
As represented by a spiral , history may , in some sense , be said to repeat itself ; ;
yet each historical event remains unique .
As Origen interprets the end of history on the basis of its beginning , so Irenaeus portrays the story of Adam on the basis of the story of Christ .
Adam and Eve were perfect , not in the sense that they possessed perfection , but in the sense that they were capable of development toward perfection .
Irenaeus does not claim pre-existence for the human soul ; ;
Therefore Irenaeus describes man's creation as follows :
And He laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of God , then he would always remain as he was , that is , immortal ; ;
but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , whence his frame had been taken '' .
These conditions man did not keep , and thus he became mortal ; ;
yet he did not stop being human as a result .
There is no justification for systematizing the random statements of Irenaeus about the image of God beyond this , nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of God ( humanity ) and the similitude of God ( immortality ) .
Man was created with the capacity for immortality , but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality .
He was , in the words of Irenaeus , `` beguiled by another under the pretext of immortality '' .
The true way to immortality lay through obedience , but man did not believe this .
for she did not obey when as yet she was a virgin .
And even as she , having indeed a husband , Adam , but being nevertheless as yet a virgin , having become disobedient , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; ;
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary .
for as it was Christ , the Word of God , who came to rescue man , so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world , and all our woe .
`` Along with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death , because they did eat in disobedience ; ;
and disobedience to God entails death .
Wherefore , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' .
In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead .
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
As man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life .
This applies to his picture of Adam .
It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next .
It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality .
Death reminds man of his sin , but it reminds him also of his transience .
The repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated .
Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older , in short , whether Adam's life was intended to be part of the process of time .
If it was , then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity .
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal .
The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change .
If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator .
for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history .
Because Christianity teaches not only salvation in history , but salvation by the history of Christ , such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the Christian understanding of the work of Christ .
Ezra Stiles Gannett , an honorable representative of the sanhedrin , addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845 , insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist .
We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations .
One can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church , and so to suppress it , rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it .
the difference between Mr. Parker and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity '' -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances , the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel Parker .
Fortunately , the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity , as did also Gannett and Chandler Robbins ; ;
whereupon Parker broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room , though not out of the Fellowship .
In both cases the stubborn fact remains : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates , both legitimate offspring of its loins , and when brought to the test , it behaved shabbily .
However , there is a crucial difference between the two histories .
Hence he was in his lifetime , as is the memory of him afterwards , a canker within the liberal sensitivity .
He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat .
The fact is incontestable : that liberal world of Unitarian Boston was narrow-minded , intellectually sterile , smug , afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into iconoclasm , and quite prepared to resort to hysterical repressions when its brittle foundations were threatened .
Nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ;
Even though his theological theses have become , to us , commonplaces , the fundamental interrogation he phrased is very much with us .
I think it fair to say that he never quite reached such candor in his sermons .
But Theodore Parker , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum .
Because he spoke openly with what Channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring hyperbole -- Parker vindicated Channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines .
An institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution , and only within those defined limits a license .
By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , I am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest .
Nor , when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration , should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus : `` Talk about the Catholics voting as the bishop tells ! !
Boston has been controlled by a few capitalists , lawyers and other managers , who told the editors what to say and the preachers what to think '' .
And he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them : `` Even the Unitarian churches have caught the malaria , and are worse than those who deceived them '' -- which implied that they were very bad indeed .
It was `` Duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty .
Because he copiously shed his own tears , and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England , he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences .
Our endeavor to capture even a faint sense of how strenuous was the fight is muffled by our indifference to the very issue which in the Boston of 1848 seemed to be the central hope of its Christian survival , that of the literal , factual historicity of the miracles as reported in the Four Gospels .
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed .
So we are the more prepared to give Parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy , to salute his courage , and to pass on , happily forgetting both him and the entire episode .
I have , within the past fifty years , come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt .
I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world .
Doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and , like some higher critical friends , trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations : attempting to bridge the chasm between an older , reverent , Bible-loving generation and a critical , doubting , Bible-emancipated race .
In one thing the higher critics , like the modernists , however , overreached themselves , in claiming that the Gospel of John was not written in John's time but well after the first century , perhaps as late as 150 A.D. .
Now , if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant , it is John's Gospel .
So , I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself , and then tested it to see how it worked .
As a short , possibly not the best method , I looked up `` Word '' in the Concordance and noted that the Bible claims from Genesis 1 to Revelation 22 to be God's personal message to man .
The next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the Christian faith just as one would accept a treatise on any earthly `` science '' , and I submitted to its conditions according to Christ's invitation and promise that , `` If any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of God , or whether I speak of myself '' ( John 7 : 17 ) .
I now ever look for Christ according to His promises and those of the Old Testament as well , to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth .
Again , as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my Saviour , I follow without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love , wisdom , power and prayer .
I place His precepts and His leadings above every seeming probability , dismissing cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to Him .
I stood at the bedside of my patient one day and beheld a very sick man in terrible pain .
As I ministered to his needs , I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the Lord .
What a joy to realize that we , too , can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him .
He was about to leave them , to depart from this world , and return to His Father in Heaven .
Are you longing for peace in your heart ? ?
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own .
You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father .
`` God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on His name '' .
It is to those who believe on His name and belong to Him that He gives His peace ; ;
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give .
Then , with the hymn writer of old , you can say :
`` I am resting today in His wonderful peace ,
Resting sweetly in Jesus' control .
I am kept from all danger by night and by day ,
And His glory is flooding my soul '' .
Cape Canaveral's achievements thunder forth from the radio , television , and newspaper .
While we are filling outer space with scientific successes , for many the `` inner '' space of their soul is an aching void .
Proof ? ?
An average of 50 suicides are reported in America each day ! !
One out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce ! !
Over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortune-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to `` know '' what the future holds ! !
Delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! !
Further proof ? ?
Read your daily newspaper ! !
Unfortunately , in our rush to beat the Russians , we have forgotten these truth-packed words of Jesus Christ : `` What shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world ( that includes outer space ) , and lose his own soul ? ?
Gaining outer space and losing `` inner '' space is bad business according to God's standards .
Is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that God put His Son , Jesus Christ , on earth to live and die to save our hell-bound souls ? ?
`` For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' ( John 3 : :
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
We trust you are not one of the 70,000,000 Americans who do not attend church , but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than worshipping the God who made our country great .
Is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ?
So it is spiritually .
Why ? ?
You can receive God into your heart and life by a step of personal faith .
`` As many as received Him ( Jesus ) , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on his name '' .
`` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
( Psalm 27 : 1 )
It was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears , to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely .
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors .
Of this number , 50% , or 10 million patients have no diagnosable physical ailments whatever .
They are ' worry warts .
One of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions '' .
It must be getting more serious .
People are giving their doctors a hard time .
12% of them worried about their health , although their ailments were imaginary ; ;
Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ?
What is the real cause of them ? ?
What is there about us that makes us so anxious ? ?
We spend billions of dollars at the race tracks , and more billions on other forms of gambling .
In one of his writings Pascal speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such opiates .
Does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter business ? ?
Isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ?
Maybe we are talking about them too much .
Hitler did just that 23 years ago , building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war .
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours .
He didn't know anything about the problems we face today .
That is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today , isn't it ? ?
But the enemy answers them from loudspeakers that pour out Communist propaganda with a generous mixture of terrible profanity .
There is only one escape left , a tragic one , and too many people are taking it : suicide .
These things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door .
We are all involved in them , deeply involved .
And nobody knows what comes next .
And there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world .
whom shall I fear ? ?
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
Notice that this man had a threefold conception of God which is the secret of his faith .
First , `` the Lord is my light '' .
The same God who called this world into being when He said : `` Let there be light '' ! !
And there is light ! !
He lived in the dawn ; ;
Why should we not have the same faith , and an even greater experience of the light which it gives ? ?
The enemies at his gate , threatening to eat up his flesh , were nothing compared with the enemy of sin within his own soul .
So why worry about all the others ? ?
Shall tribulation , or distress , or persecution , or famine , or nakedness , or peril , or sword '' ? ?
and then , with this God on our side , we can face the whole world without fear .
And so the psalmist gives us one more picture of God : `` The Lord is the strength of my life '' .
It recalls those words of another psalm : `` God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea Come , behold the works of the Lord , what desolations He hath made in the earth .
The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace , strong and united under a forceful ruler , which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States , was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch'in dynasty ( 221-207 B.C. ) .
Among the many severe measures taken by the First Emperor , Shih Huang-ti , in his efforts to insure the continuation of this hard-won national unity , was the burning of the books in 213 B.C. , with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent thinking ; ;
In fact , during the first century B.C. , an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects , finding its typical expression in the so-called `` wei books '' , a number of which were specifically devoted to the Lo Shu and related numerical diagrams , especially in connection with divination .
But , in spite of all this , enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period .
Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself .
Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the Lo Shu , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram .
and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square , by which all the other numbers are overshadowed and in which they may be said to be absorbed .
it is also their mathematical mean , since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair , all of which equal 10 .
For they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female , equating the two groups with the Yang and Yin principles in Nature ; ;
and in this square , the respective pairs made up of large and small odd ( Yang ) numbers , and those composed of large and small even ( Yin ) numbers , were all equal to each other .
Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally .
We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , Five Viscera , and many others .
Whereas the primary meanings of the Lo Shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought .
Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries .
Yin and Yang in the `` Lo Shu '' square
For the Lo Shu square was a remarkably complete compendium of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time .
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the Lo Shu ; ;
The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty , when the Lo Shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School , which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen .
According to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by Heaven , T'ien -- as a natural force , or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the Tao , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the Order of the Universe '' or `` the Universal Way '' .
Together these two principles influenced all things , and in varying combinations they were present in everything .
taking the former from the Five Sacred Mountains of the Han period and the latter from the principal river systems of Old China .
the 3 , T'ai-Shan in Shantung , East China ; ;
the 1 , Heng-Shan in Hopei , North China ( or the mountain with the same name in neighboring Shansi ) ; ;
and the 6 , the ( upper ) Yellow River in the Northwest .
Note that by Western standards this plan was `` upside down '' , as it put North at the bottom and South at the top , with the other directions correspondingly altered ; ;
Few persons who join the Church are insincere .
These fatalities are dramatic evidence of `` halfway evangelism '' , a failure to follow through .
A program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship .
Neglect means spiritual paralysis or death .
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active .
This is the answer to the problem of `` membership delinquency '' .
It is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be prepared for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant .
Preparation for Church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received .
It should not be postponed later than the next day .
The pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a spiritual guidance conference .
If possible , he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present .
It is definitely a `` spiritual guidance conference '' .
He will discuss the significance of Christian commitment , the necessity of family religion and private devotions , and the importance of the membership preparation sessions .
There may be problems of conduct or questions of belief which will require his counsel .
A piece of devotional material , such as The Upper Room , may be left in each home .
None should ask less .
Those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian discipleship before they take the sacred vows .
The sessions should cover four major areas : A
-- The Christian Faith ; ;
C
D
In this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church .
The budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session .
( See sample on pp. 78-79 .
The social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members .
Extend the number of classes .
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on Sunday night or during the week .
2 )
Use dramatization -- for example , in discussing the Lord's Supper or church symbolism .
3 )
Use audio-visual aids .
Have a `` Question Box '' .
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly .
Urge them to write out their questions for the box .
5 )
6 )
7 )
8 )
Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` What Christ Means To Me '' , `` What The Church Means To Me '' , `` Why Join The Church '' , `` The Duties Of Church Members '' , etc. .
9 )
Assign a series of catechism questions to be memorized .
Invite class members to share in an extra period of Bible study each week .
Ask each new member to bring his Pledge of Loyalty to the Reception Service .
George E. Sweazey writes : `` There is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and painless that people will scarcely know that anything has happened '' .
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them .
Those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become informed .
The preparatory class is an introductory face-to-face group in which new members become acquainted with one another .
the total process of evangelism reaches the crescendo when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the Church .
This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation .
The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church .
1 )
Ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete `` talent sheets '' and pledge cards .
Provide a name card for each new member .
Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together .
Sponsors may sit with them also .
5 )
Introduce each new member to the congregation , asking him to face the congregation .
Lead the congregation in a response of welcome .
Have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service .
Take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board .
9 )
Chapter 6 planning for the assimilation and growth of new members
The members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom .
This is no spectator-type experience ; ;
Yet the most difficult problem in the Church's program of evangelism is right at this point -- helping new members to become participating , growing parts of the fellowship .
Yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions .
Still another denomination had 7,360,187 members twenty years ago .
During this period 7,484,268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741 .
These figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership .
new members can become participating , growing members .
It must be planned and carefully developed .
The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process .
However , it is not enough to bring persons to Christian commitment and train them in the meaning of Christian discipleship .
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians .
The Church expects certain things of those who become members .
-- Inspiring and challenging worship experiences
-- Opportunities for Christian service
-- Opportunities for study of the Christian faith and the Bible
-- Creative prayer experiences
-- Guidance in Christian social concerns .
Men need unity and they need God .
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify .
Some persons are so sensitive to this truth as to propose that we do away with institutions altogether ; ;
To propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools .
Both eventualities are possible logically , but practically they are impossible .
Approached creatively , it is a high art .
1 )
By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure .
Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate .
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions .
Fortunately the number of pathological bigots appears to be quite small , but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us .
While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more variable .
Emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination , the Afro-Asian world is aflame with a nationalism that has undone empires .
As an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands .
Actually , however , this turns out to be only part of the picture .
The truth is that any revival of traditional and indigenous religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and Volksgeist which these young nations very much need .
Insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate , trans-political justifications for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's .
For example , in Burma and Ceylon many Buddhists argue that Buddhism ought to be the official state religion .
In 1960 Ceylon nationalized its sectarian -- preponderantly Christian -- schools , to the rejoicing of most of its 7,000,000 Buddhists and the lament of its 800,000 Roman Catholics .
Again , India has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of additional missionaries , and fanatical Hindu parties are expected to seek further action against Christians once the influence making for tolerance due to Nehru and his followers is gone .
I was seated next to the director of the Seventh Day Adventists' world radio program .
It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ;
It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment .
neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews .
1 .
Theocracy reconsidered .
One of our foremost jurists , David Dudley Field , has gone so far as to call this provision `` the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history '' .
The trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional enactment .
Pakistan was created in 1947 expressly as a Muslim state , but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of Islam for the modern political situation .
And in this country Gustave Weigel's delineation of the line between the sacral and secular orders during the last presidential campaign served to provide a most impressive Roman Catholic defense of the practical autonomy of both church and state .
The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father Weigel's theological argument .
2 .
Salvation reconsidered .
That mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed .
I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption , so prevalent in Hinduism , that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit .
Leslie Newbiggin reflects the dominant position within the World Council of Churches when he says , `` We must claim absoluteness and finality for Christ and His finished work , but that very claim forbids us to claim absoluteness and finality for our understanding of it '' .
Newbiggin's qualification on the Christian claim is of considerable significance .
In mentioning this under `` salvation reconsidered '' I do not mean to imply that Roman Catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is .
When they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to `` permit '' the termination of the human race by human action , because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing , they know exactly what they mean .
Of course , in prudential calculation , in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil unintended and indirectly done , no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject allows .
He is not talking in the main about probabilities , risks and danger in general .
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences .
Of course , grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` permits '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action .
Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .
If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic , speculative , future good , by the same token not every present , certain , and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic , speculative , and future evil .
He does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action .
Above all , he does not debate mere contingencies , and therefore , if these are possibly dreadful , find himself forced into inaction .
By contrast , a good deal of nuclear pacifism begins with the contingencies and the probabilities , and not with the moral nature of the action to be done ; ;
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based .
He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years .
Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ;
`` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing '' ; ;
for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' .
Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil .
`` If Philip Toynbee is claiming that the choice lies between capitulation and the risk of nuclear war , I think he is right .
I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war '' .
Mr. Philip Toynbee affirms at one point that if he shared the anticipations of Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four , if he believed Communism was not only evil but `` also irredeemably evil '' , then he might `` think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world .
No political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature .
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand .
Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment .
Would such an act of refusal be useful ? ?
This is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war , by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's arsenal of unlimited weapons .
It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it , or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it , in the past .
it is to stride along the steep slope downward .
and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race .
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end .
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future .
For almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most Americans .
Few business groups in recent years have come under heavier pressure to face these realities than real estate brokers and home builders .
This pressure has urged re-evaluation of the assumptions underlying their professional ethics ; ;
It is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the National Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure .
How does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race , religion or ethnic attachment ? ?
Recently , a group of the faculty at Wesleyan University's Public Affairs Center sought some answers to these questions .
Such conversation quickly reveals an ethically significant ambivalence in the self-images held by most realtors .
But as conversation goes on , particularly among the realtors themselves , another image emerges , that of considerable power and influence in the community .
Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;
A narrow professionalism
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work .
These men -- for the most part educated in our `` best '' New England colleges , well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a `` client-service relationship '' .
This narrow `` professionalism '' does not even fit the present realities of their situation , as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors increase .
From such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding .
( 2 ) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political processes ; ;
and , most pervasively , ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a `` real pro '' , of what it means to be a professional man in a technical , fragmented society .
But such a reaction obscures the powerful efforts made in the past by both NAREB and its local boards for the maintenance of restrictive clauses and practices .
Also , it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed .
Like business and university groups generally , these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make .
Recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others , however , point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion .
There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .
Data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in .
Often they are able to get in only because the area is declining economically .
No one anticipates any radical shift in this situation , but questions concerning reading habits , the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised .
`` Against the grain of creation ''
On the positive side , recent Federal action has largely undermined the legal sanction so long enjoyed by the segregationist position ; ;
Realtors in attendance at the colloquium expressed interest , for example , in Connecticut's new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like `` to have to obey '' , but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record .
( This has not been the case everywhere .
In 1957 , the Real Estate Boards of New York City actively opposed the then pending private housing anti-discrimination law .
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced .
Judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on Shelley v. Kraemer ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible .
Such a decision should have placed a powerful weapon in the hands of the entire housing industry , but there is little evidence that realtors , or at least their associations , have repudiated the principle in such clauses .
But as yet , no real estate board has been willing officially to support such laws or to admit the permissibility of introducing minority buyers into all-white neighborhoods .
A fragmented Society
How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge ? ?
And yet there is a note of hope , because this same science that is giving us the power of the atom is also giving us atomic vision .
but packed in that metallic ball there was the explosive force of 20,000 tons of Aj .
We know that we have hydrogen in water ; ;
I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima .
Salt water is still Af , the same hydrogen is there .
And the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today .
Of course , there is also an optimistic side to the picture .
And think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make .
With just the hydrogen of our bodies , we could run the world for years .
Then think of Delaware Bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come .
Now let us see where this power comes from .
To grasp our new view of the atom , we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is .
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry .
One night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table , and these peas looked to me like a little group of atoms ; ;
and I asked myself a question : Suppose I had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body , how large an area would they cover ? ?
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body ; ;
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ;
I saw that I would soon run out of buildings at this rate , so I decided to take another measure -- the whole state of Pennsylvania .
Imagine that there is a blizzard over Pennsylvania , but instead of snowing snow , it snows peas ; ;
Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas .
Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas , then we go out among the neighboring stars , collect 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ;
Finally we go into the farthest reaches of the Milky Way ; ;
Now although an atom is small , we can still in imagination have a look at it .
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me .
I shoot up through the roof , into the sky , past the clouds , through the stratosphere , out beyond the moon , out among the planets , until I am over a hundred and fifty million miles long .
Then this atom of calcium will swell to something like a great balloon a hundred yards across , a balloon big enough to put a football field inside .
And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom , according to the physics of forty years ago , you would see circulating over your head , down at the sides , and under your feet , some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs .
Since these electrons are moving like planets , you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom .
So you look down there and you see a tiny , whirling point about the size of the head of a pin .
You may ask what else there is , and the answer is nothing -- nothing but empty space .
And since you are made of atoms , you are nothing much but empty space , too .
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper .
Music of the spheres
For we believed that the electrons obeyed the law of mechanics and electrodynamics ; ;
And this would mean that we live in a mechanistic universe , governed by the laws of cause and effect , bound in chains of determinism that hold the universe on a completely predetermined course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom .
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's .
These ripples spread out in symmetrical patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral .
It is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony .
And so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe , we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music .
The Island of Nantucket , part of the State of Massachusetts , lies about thirty-one miles southeast of its mother State .
Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living .
With Martha's Vineyard on one side and the open sea on the other , it makes an excellent trip of about three hours .
A complete picture is impossible -- partly because of the limitations of space , partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are unobtainable .
Although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor .
What in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation .
Presumably those who did not have a formal church connexion had also felt the influence of Christianity to a greater or lesser extent .
Many of them had once been members of a church or at least had been given instruction in Christianity but for one or another reason had allowed the connexion to lapse .
Upon all of them played the intellectual , social , political , and economic attitudes , institutions , and customs of the nation .
Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible .
At best only an approximation could be arrived at .
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd .
For instance , we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose .
Yet this cannot be proved .
As church membership burgeoned , such measures faded into desuetude .
We have already hinted at the fashion in which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life .
Throughout the nineteenth century Christianity exerted its influence on American society as a whole primarily through the Protestantism of the older stock .
The American dream
The ideals of the country were deeply indebted to the Protestantism of the older stock .
Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it .
O beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears .
America , America , God shed His grace on thee , and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea '' .
The American dream was compounded of many strains .
Here , too , must be placed Unitarianism and , less obviously from Christian inspiration , Emerson , Transcendentalism , and the idealism of Walt Whitman .
Reform movements
We do well to remind ourselves that from men and women of New England ancestry also issued the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , the Seventh Day Adventists , Christian Science , the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions , the American Home Missionary Society , the American Bible Society , and New England theology .
The atmosphere was one of optimism , of confidence in human progress , and of a determination to rid the world of its ills .
The Hopkinsian universal disinterested benevolence , although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election , inspired its adherents to heroic endeavours for others , looked for the early coming of the Millennium , and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the Unitarians , Emerson , and the Transcendentalists .
Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century .
Others were ephemeral .
Still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age .
The movement to end Negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after that year until , as a result of the Civil War , emancipation was achieved .
As we have seen , Methodism early took a stand against slavery .
Beginning at least as far back as 1789 various Baptist bodies condemned slavery .
The nineteenth-century immigration , whether Protestant or Roman Catholic , was not so much concerned , for very few if any among them held slaves : they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out , or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves .
Finney himself , while opposed to slavery , placed his chief emphasis on evangelism , but from his converts issued much of the leadership of the anti-slavery campaign .
Theodore Dwight Weld ( 1803-1895 ) was especially active .
Weld was the son and grandson of New England Congregational ministers .
Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as Joshua R. Giddings and Edwin M. Stanton , enlisted John Quincy Adams , and helped provide ideas which underlay Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin .
He was remembered chiefly for his fearless advocacy of abolition , but he also stood for equal rights for women , for opportunity for the freedmen , and for prohibition .
Their direct descendants inherited not only their worldly fortunes , but also the mandate of their newfound power as spirits in the other half of the universe .
Thus , the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less puissant ancestors .
But this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities .
but naturally , the royal ritual , which provided unusual control over already supremely powerful divine spirits , was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom .
This is the familiar system of `` cosmic government '' .
His power was so great that he even promoted and demoted gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions .
And to offend the dead meant to incur their wrath , and thus provoke the unleashing of countrywide disasters .
The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear .
The dead controlled the material prosperity of the living , and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control .
Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts .
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic .
In its monastic form , Mahayana was merely an organization of magic-practicing monks ( bonzes ) , who catered to the Chinese faith in the supernatural .
But let us not be mistaken about Confucian `` virtue '' ; ;
To the Confucian , `` virtue '' simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones .
This , in brief , was the historical background out of which Zen emerged .
But the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .
Actually , Zen owes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism .
The Ch'an ( Zen ) sect may have derived its metaphysic from Mahayana , but its psychology was pure early Taoist .
In fact , the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern exponents as so uniquely characteristic of the `` direct thinking '' Zennist was a feature of Taoism .
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience .
One of its features attractive to the West is its irreverence for tradition and dogma and for sacred texts .
But this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the Westerner mistakes it .
The technique of reality confusion -- the use of paradox and riddles to shake the mind's grip on reality -- originated with fourth and third century B.C. Chinese Quietism : the koan is not basically a new device .
In the supernatural atmosphere of cosmic government , only the ruling elite was ever concerned with a kingdom-wide ordering of nature : popular religion aimed at more personal benefits from magical powers .
And this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest `` wonder drug '' .
Early Chinese anchoritism was theoretically aimed at a mystic pantheist union with the divine , personal salvation being achieved when the mystical recluse united with divine essence .
But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers .
The anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power .
Thus , the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking , and for this reason , the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation .
As the Zen literature reveals , as soon as an early Zen master attained fame in seclusion , he was called out into the world to exercise his powers .
The early Anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles .
Exponents of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the rampant supernaturalism of China , and proposed instead a more mature , less credulous view of the universe .
But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess , as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity : `` Hwang Pah ( O Baku ) , one day going up Mount Tien Tai which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light .
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to Hwang Pah to follow him .
`` I stopped '' , responded the man , `` several times to look at beautiful sceneries '' .
Modern Zen presentation to the West insists on the anti-authoritarian , highly pragmatic nature of the Zen belief -- scriptures are burned to make fire , action is based on direct self-confidence , and so on .
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith .
Pope Leo 13 , on the 13th day of December 1898 , granted the following indulgences : `` An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour .
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' .
The American Bishops assembled at the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible .
`` We hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures '' .
Do not wonder that I said to thee , `` You must be born again '' .
But as the One who called you is holy , be you also holy in all your behavior ; ;
for it is written , You shall be holy , because I am holy .
Hebrews 14 .
there is none who understands ; ;
Ephesians 2 : 1 .
2 , Corinthians 4 : 3 , 4 .
For his workmanship we are , created in Christ Jesus .
1 St. Peter 23 .
St. James 18 .
Whoever is born of God does not commit sin ( That is , he does not practice sin .
Cf. 1 St. John 2 : 1 ) .
We know that no one who is born of God commits sin .
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness .
1 St. John 29 .
We know that we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren .
If we are born of God we overcome the world .
All that is born of God overcomes the world ; ;
and this is the victory that overcomes the world , our faith .
But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ .
St. Jude 24 .
Jesus answered and said to him ( Nicodemus ) `` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of God '' .
`` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again of water and the Spirit , he cannot enter into the kingdom of God .
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ;
Do not wonder that I said to thee , ' You must be born again ' '' .
For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision nor uncircumcision but a new creation is of any account .
behold , they are made new ! !
2 Corinthians 17 .
not as the outcome of works , lest anyone may boast .
I came that they may have life .
He who has the Son has the life .
Through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises , so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature .
2 St. Peter 1 : 4 .
Christ in you , your hope of glory .
Colossians 27 .
It is now no longer I that live , but Christ lives in me .
The new birth is miraculous and mysterious .
The new birth is immediate and instantaneous .
to those who believe in his name : Who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of God .
A final word
You may be very religious , a good church member , an upright , honest and sincere person ; ;
you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church ; ;
It is permitted .
They cursed Him .
They called Him a devil .
and God allowed it .
You can ignore His Book , the Bible , and His church .
The eternal Christ may knock at your soul's door , calling you to give up sin and prepare for heaven .
You may refuse Him , spit on Him , call Him a devil , curse Him .
It is permitted .
You may take His name upon your lips in oaths and curses if you so choose .
He is in your hands -- now .
On the other hand , you may seek His favor , humble yourself before Him and beg His mercy , implore His forgiveness , forsake your sins , and abandon your whole life to Him .
He has said , `` Behold , I stand at the door , and knock : if any man hear my voice , and open the door , I will come in to him , and will sup with him , and he with me '' ( Revelation 3:20 : :
I am a magazine ; ;
my name is Guideposts ; ;
Some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope .
Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see .
This month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world .
Experts in the publishing field consider this astounding .
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following .
To me , the explanation is very simple .
I am not doing anything , of myself .
I am merely a channel for something .
It is the power that holds the stars in their orbits , but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass .
It is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace .
All things are possible to God , but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people .
Sometimes such people sense that they are being used ; ;
sometimes not .
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .
The minister was Norman Vincent Peale .
Compared to the big , established magazines , my first efforts seemed feeble indeed .
The people who told the stories were sincere .
And the stories they told were true .
That was nearly 13 years ago .
Len LeSourd is my executive editor today .
Many of you are familiar , I'm sure , with the story of my early struggles : the fire in January , 1947 , that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers .
The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere .
`` You're not living up to your own principles '' , she told my discouraged people .
What do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers ? ?
Visualize them , then , believe you are getting them , and you will have them '' ! !
And then 500,000 .
And now a million January Guideposts are in circulation .
They say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built .
Three years ago it became possible to finance a Braille edition for blind readers .
Last summer John and Elizabeth Sherrill were in Alaska .
Around the table sit Protestant , Catholic , and Jew .
Elaine St. Johns may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings .
Starr Jones gets up every morning at five o'clock , milks his family cow , attends to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York .
Rose Weiss , who handles all the prayer-requests that we receive , answering each letter personally , has the serene selflessness that comes from suffering : she has had many major operations , and now gets about in a limited way on braces and crutches .
We prayed for John , during surgery , we asked others to pray ; ;
Perhaps you think the editorial meetings are solemn affairs , a little sanctimonious ? ?
Sharp division of opinion , too , and strenuous debate .
There are brain-wracking searches for the right word , the best phrase , the most helpful idea .
And there is also something intangible that hovers around the table .
A good word for it is fellowship .
For you , readers , are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is Guideposts .
I am a magazine ; ;
Havana was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices .
At first I was happy to throw the support of our newspaper behind this man .
Diario De La Marina was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba , with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny .
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials .
When it was my turn , I , too , printed the truth as I knew it about Batista , and rejoiced to see his regime topple .
He showed us how he dealt with his enemies : he executed them before TV cameras .
On home sets children were watching the death throes of men who were shot before the paredon , the firing wall .
Castro's reforms ? ?
New schools were rising , but with this went a harsh proclamation : any academic degree earned during Batista's regime was invalid .
Economic aid ? ?
He had promised cheaper housing : arbitrarily he cut all rents in half , whether the landlord was a millionaire speculator or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room .
Farm workers had their wages cut almost in half .
A suspicion was growing that Fidel Castro was a Communist .
I had watched Castro handling his enemies before the paredon .
the thump and whir of our new presses .
Here was a powerful , ready-made medium , but it could speak only if I told it to .
Now it seemed almost as if Jesus were looking down at me with sadness in His eyes , saying :
You may lose your life .
But do you have any choice '' ? ?
I knew in that moment that I did not have any choice .
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. America ; ;
whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ? ?
Therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has never had to train in secret has never heard one unkind word from his parents and never has been taunted by his schoolmates ! !
Instead of admonishing him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master Montreal bodybuilding authority , Professor Roland Claude .
And they couldn't have entrusted Henri to better hands because `` le professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth .
Undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his prize-winning pupils ( every pupil has a physique title of some kind or other ) .
Jean-Paul Senesac , whose story appeared here two issues ago ; ;
Jack Boissoneault , who was with us last month ; ;
and a host of others .
Now when Henri was just 12 he was only 4' 10'' '' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds , and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight .
Of course he did some exercising .
`` A real ' nothing ' torso '' , says Henri .
`` It never seemed to widen .
So right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous `` moon '' bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the wide-grip Straight-Arm Pullover ( the `` pull '' part of the Push-Pull Super-Set ) which dramatically widens the ribcage and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide , Reeves-type `` gladiator '' pecs , while stimulating the upper lats and frontal deltoids .
Super-Set No. 2 is made up of similar exercises , but this time done with dumbbells , and using both `` moon '' and flat benches .
The `` push '' exercise of this Push-Pull Super-Set is the Bench Press done with elbows well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the pectorals not possible with the barbell variation .
You need the barbell variation to build width and mass in the pecs .
The Pushup done in this manner is the greatest pectoral-ribcage stretcher ever invented ! !
This is true only if a very wide grip is used and only when the greatest possible stretch is achieved .
he just can't do anything about it at all ! !
But as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because Henri De Courcy -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! !
By this time Henri's entire chest-back-lat-shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point , and Claude takes time to do a bit more pectoral-front deltoid shaping work .
This gives a wide flare to the pecs , causing them to flow dramatically upward into deltoids and dramatically downward into the serratus and Aj .
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone .
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles .
But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different .
Often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others .
Only when the newest Mr. America or Mr. Universe discovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are .
Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths ! !
the facet of muscular development that wins prizes .
Definition of the thighs at the uppermost part is quite commonly seen in most championship Olympic lifters which is easily understandable .
Indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed .
Used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin ! !
Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 .
It places terrific tension on the leg muscles from start to finish of each repetition .
It increases flexibility of the legs .
You'll need your Weider Power Stands for this fine exercise and here's the way it's done : 1 .
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ;
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split .
When the front knee is straight and locked , allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the Power Stands .
3 .
That's the One-Leg Lunge in a nutshell .
You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise .
The more I talked with him , the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their riotous blooming .
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants .
but pansy seeds , he told me , soon `` run down '' .
I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the right texture , tilth and body .
It isn't easy to describe it , but every gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil .
It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours .
they'd rather have things rugged , with only moderate protection on the coldest days .
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate .
For my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage rooting .
I like sawdust for this , or hay .
When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to remain .
That encourages rooting , and the better developed the roots , the larger and more plentiful the flowers .
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them .
I spade lots of compost into their bed ; ;
lacking that , decayed manure spread over the bed is fine .
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch .
I like hay for this and apply it so that only the tops of the plants show right after a good frost .
Whenever there is a thaw or a few sunny days , you'll be likely to find a brave little blossom or two .
The pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter .
That cold frame was my morale builder ; ;
As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant .
Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed .
That done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant .
Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds .
in fact it is easier .
But you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow .
If the plants are cared for and protected over the winter , the second year is more prolific than the first .
Would you like to grow exhibition pansies ? ?
Remove about half the branches from each plant , leaving only the strongest with the largest buds .
Give them food , some shade , mulch , water and more food , and they'll repay your solicitude with beauty .
A salad with greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully healthful addition to a meal , but add an avocado and you have something really special .
It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should .
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits .
Once you become an avocado fan , you will look forward to the season each year with eager anticipation .
Naturally dormant and no spray danger
Today , refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world .
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen .
One of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind .
And unlike other fruits , one cannot eat the skin of the avocado .
Aside from this , the average portion contains some protein , an appreciable amount of vitamins A and C -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin E requirement .
Dr. Wilson C. Grant , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .
The study comprised 16 male patients , ranging in age from 27 to 72 .
They were put on control diets to determine as accurately as possible , the normal cholesterol level of their blood .
Five , four , three , two , one , fire ! !
The pulsating vibration of energy clutches at the pit of your stomach .
A great many writers are bewitched by the apparently overwhelming advantage an attacker would have if he were to strike with complete surprise using nuclear rockets .
It is relatively easy to go a step further and reason that an attacker , in possession of such absolute power , would simultaneously destroy his opponent's cities and people .
With a nation defenseless before it , why would the attacker spare the victim's people ? ?
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes .
ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways .
They could be used to attack a nation's people ( which would inevitably mean the loss of the attacker's own people ) , or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force .
We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves .
We must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile .
Missiles are very valuable weapons , but they also have their too little known limitations .
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing .
Even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously , the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes .
Because of this , it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability .
In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles .
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us .
Let us suppose the Russians decide to build a rail-mobile ICBM force .
Forces will survive a surprise attack , and these forces will give depth , or considerable duration , to the conflict .
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed .
They are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile .
This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile .
But remember this -- it isn't the aircraft which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets , it is the airfield .
Eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground and you have essentially eliminated its vulnerability to long-range ballistic missiles .
There are four rather obvious ways to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground :
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters .
With a 15-to-one engine , a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise vertically .
The reason that we are not going ahead full speed to develop high thrust-to-weight engines is that it would cost perhaps a billion dollars -- and you don't spend that sort of money if aircraft are obsolete .
When aircraft are no longer helpless on airfields , they are no longer vulnerable to Aj .
Our first necessity , at the very outset of war , is post-attack reconnaissance .
In a few years we will have SAMOS ( semiautomatic missile observation system ) .
But in the case of moving targets , and targets which have limited mobility , what will their location be when it is time to destroy them ? ?
What targets have we successfully knocked out ? ?
A ballistic missile cannot , today , tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful .
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance .
If the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way , the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced .
Pre-attack reconnaissance is vital but only post-attack reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war favorably .
If we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision , and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace , our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening .
The lyric beauties of Schubert's Trout Quintet -- its elemental rhythms and infectious melodies -- make it a source of pure pleasure for almost all music listeners .
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation .
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances .
The occasion for this marathon : Angel's long-awaited reissue in its `` Great Recordings Of The Century '' series of the Schnabel-Pro Arte version .
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first .
Artur Schnabel was one of the greatest Schubert-Beethoven-Mozart players of all time , and any commentary of his on this repertory is valuable .
But Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer , and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils ( Clifford Curzon , Frank Glazer , Adrian Aeschbacher , and Victor Babin ) also sheds light on the master's pedagogical skills .
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) .
The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives .
About the Pro Arte's contribution I am less happy .
From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here .
The violinist , in particular , is very indulgent with swoops and slides , and his tone is pinched and edgy .
The twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone , but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet .
Turning to the more modern versions , Curzon's ( London ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work .
Why , for example , does he favor two tempos , rather than one , for the third movement ? ?
)
Aeschbacher's work is very much akin to Schnabel's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it .
The Hephzibah Menuhin-Amadeus Quartet ( Angel ) and Victor Babin-Festival Quartet ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing .
) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus ( Westminster ) and Demus-Schubert Quartet ( Deutsche Grammophon ) are both warm-toned , pleasantly lyrical , but rather slack and tensionless .
Here is truly a `` Great Recording of the Century '' , and its greatness is by no means diminished by the fact that it is not quite perfect .
Must records always sound like records ? ?
Seen in perspective , many of these releases have a genuine claim to be milestones .
If we return to them today , we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing .
Records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music .
Some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings .
) From the technical standpoint , records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original .
Command's new Brahms Second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one .
The effect of the recording is very open and natural , with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance .
A contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained .
The music is always allowed the living space needed to attain its full sonority ; ;
All of this would be wasted , of course , if the performance lacked authority and musical distinction .
For me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors .
Those accustomed to broader , more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one .
In the end , however , the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings .
Too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment .
The Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration .
Your ear takes you into the ensemble , and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score .
The first substantially complete stereo Giselle ( and the only one of its scope since Feyer's four-sided LP edition of 1958 for Angel ) , this set is , I'm afraid , likely to provide more horrid fascination than enjoyment .
And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' .
At the Westminster KC Dog Show in Madison Square Garden , New York on the second day , the Finals of the Junior Class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this Class .
This year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class International .
Forty-six of the 53 Juniors who mailed in entries were present .
As has been the custom for the past several years , John Cross , Jr. , Bench Show Chmn. of Westminster , arranged for the Juniors' meeting before the Class , and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them .
Mrs. William H. Long , Jr. speaks
After the Juniors were welcomed and congratulated for qualifying for the Finals of the Junior Class , Mrs. William H. Long , Jr. was introduced as the first speaker .
No sooner had Betsey come out of the ring than Mrs. Long walked into the Working Competition with Ch. Cadet or Noranda , another home-bred product , and won ! !
Dogs have a way of sensing our feelings ! !
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do .
He knows your signals , what is expected of him and the way the Class is conducted , right up through the flash-bulbs of the photographers '' .
Or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else -- maybe the way you look , or the date you have after the Class , or you are just doing this to please the parents .
Aids sounds more like a Pony Club , or horsemanship classes -- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar ! !
Without right attitude the other aids just do not work right '' .
And may you all continue to show at Westminster in the years to come '' ! !
Is one of Mr. Barcus' strong beliefs .
He feels very forcibly that the American Kennel Club should take a more active part in encouraging the Junior Division ! !
Before the Juniors entered the ring the Steward announced that after all Juniors had moved their dogs around the ring and set them up , they could relax with their dogs .
This year Anne Hone Rogers , outstanding Handler , judged the Class .
Juniors competed last year at American Kennel Club and Canadian Kennel Club , recognized shows to be eligible to compete in this Class -- the Finals for the year .
Many adults showing at Westminster today are products of this Class .
After the judge moved all the dogs individually , she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring .
International Champion of the year
)
Other winners
Sydney Le Blanc , age 15 , Staten Island , N.Y. , showing a Doberman Pinscher , was 2nd .
Susan Hackmann , age 14 , from Baltimore , Md. , showing a Dachshund , was 3rd .
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well .
Next year 1962 , at Westminster , the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more Junior Classes in the open division only to qualify for Westminster .
Percy Roberts , a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March .
Judging class for intermediates proposed
Such a Class was tried out successfully at the Westchester KC Show recently .
We suggested this Class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows .
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them .
Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition .
The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby , Sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division .
To overcome this unfair judging , the A.K.C. requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class .
If the superintendents do not receive more cooperation from Handlers , it has been suggested that licensed Judges also be qualified to judge this Class .
Other awards for Juniors
The Airedale Terrier Club of America and the Kerry Blue Terrier Club of America have under consideration donating trophies to the boys or girls who win with their breeds in Junior Showmanship Competition at any Show .
The Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for Westminster .
`` Puppies '' ? ?
Comes the suspicious question .
We've never been refused ! !
Once settled , we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture .
Many a motel owner -- when we've stopped there again -- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children .
Are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up germs from the preceding patient ? ?
At one time , to most Americans , unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of navigable water , boats were considered the sole concern of fishermen , rich people , and the United States Navy .
About 40,000,000 people participated in boating in 1960 .
Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water .
Providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use .
Boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round anchorage for their craft , will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car , driving to the water , and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat .
The boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons .
They range from an eight-foot pram , which you can build yourself for less than $50 , to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over $100,000 .
These engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease , wherein lies their greatest advantage .
Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ;
Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later .
Terms range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles .
Outboard motors , insurance , and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats .
When air travel was in its infancy , the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all .
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first .
must and should do .
Fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft , such as sailboats with no power , to be registered at all .
Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators .
Generally , states reserve for communities the right to have local ordinances regulating speed and other activities .
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy .
Hand in hand with the legislative program is the industry's self originated and directed safety program .
Foreseeing the possible threats to safety with the rapid growth of the sport , the industry has been supporting an intense , coordinated educational program with great success since 1947 .
A primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the enthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers .
With U.S. Coast Guard cooperation , the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety .
In addition to these activities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat .
It is important to note the work of the United States Power Squadrons and the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary .
Instead of motels , for the boatman there are marinas .
The word marina was coined by NAEBM originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort .
A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats .
The design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle , but once understood , the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement .
The main set of bars are the `` tappets '' and one tappet is connected to each lever .
These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets .
This also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side , thus moving one or more locking bars .
By this scheme , pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal .
There are other basic rules .
A turnout may have two levers , one to actually move the switch points , the other to lock the points .
A signal cannot be cleared until all the related turnouts are properly thrown and locked .
Such locks are nearly always used where the switch points `` face '' oncoming traffic .
Figs. 1-6 show typical arrangements of track and signals .
The lines connecting the wedge-shaped dogs represent the locking bars at right angles to the tappet bars .
By studying the track-signal diagrams you'll note several other details .
The blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect -- the blade does not move .
As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the `` distant '' signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant .
In some low-speed situations , the distant signal is fixed at caution .
Here's how it can be built .
The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within Fig. 7 , most of the bars being 1/8'' '' brass in 1/4'' '' and 1/2'' '' widths .
You may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you wish .
These will be drilled and tapped later on .
Cap with a Af bar and tack-solder in place .
Cap the locking bar spacers with two Af directly under the first two `` B '' pieces .
Remove all the loose spacing bars .
Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together .
See Fig. 7 .
Tap the `` A '' pieces 2-56 .
Now unsolder and disassemble the frame except for the two 12'' '' and the first two 3-3/4'' '' bars ( `` A '' and `` B '' pieces ) , which are soldered together .
Either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions .
Note , 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts .
Drill a No. 43 hole through the pieces and secure with a 2-56 nut and screw .
Drill two No. 50 holes , one in the insert and one in the locking bar spacer directly above it , and tap 2-56 .
Number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots .
Cut five pieces of Af brass bar stock 3-3/4'' '' long .
Locate their positions in Fig. 7 and drill No. 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame .
Drill four No. 19 and four No. 28 holes in the 12'' '' long `` A '' pieces .
( See Fig. 7 .
) Put a 2-56 roundhead screw into the hole , cut off the excess threads and file flush with the underside of the bar .
Scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about 5/64'' '' ) away from the frame edge .
Repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars .
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts .
Fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws , tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times .
As the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible .
The order of fitting is not too important .
Since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout , we will only describe the construction of one locking bar .
Figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions .
The lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of Fig. 7 .
Fig. 8 gives the dimensions for locating the dog-pin holes .
Chuck a length of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1/8'' '' long .
File the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1/8'' '' above the bar .
This dog will engage a notch to be cut in tappet 3 .
Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3 .
Scribe a line through the center of the pin and across the face of tappet 3 , parallel to piece `` A '' .
See the drawings for the shape of the notch .
Scribe V-shaped lines on the bar and rough out with either a hack saw or a cutting disk in a hand power tool .
We used the latter equipped with a carborundum disk about
A Barrette Swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without marring an adjoining one .
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible .
The notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it .
Assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces .
Chuck a 2'' '' or 3'' '' piece of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool .
This tool can also be made with a lathe .
Without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , standardizing , and communicating the things they discover and learn .
It's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth rotate on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is , nevertheless , a science .
A guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems ; ;
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding .
A mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem .
However , it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order .
.
The symbol for multiplication is `` **b '' .
It is used to separate two or more numbers in a row .
For example : Af .
Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order .
The result will be the same regardless of the order used .
This is nothing more than a dash .
It separates two or more numbers .
The number on the right of the symbol is always subtracted from the number on the left of the symbol .
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct .
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers .
For example : Af .
When solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps , do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value .
This part of the equation would then become 4 .
Charts for this purpose are available from many sources .
They are included in all types of mathematical handbooks and they are stamped on some types of precision measuring instruments .
The various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places .
Shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result .
Some formulas contain `` constants '' .
A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .
However , some formulas are used more than others .
We'll take them in the general order of their popularity .
Displacement is sometimes referred to as `` swept volume '' .
Pi is used in formulas concerned with the dimensions of circles .
Actually , the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine .
The cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length , which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders .
For example , let's consider a standard 283 cubic inch Chevy Aj .
The formula , with the fractions converted to decimals , becomes Af .
To arrive at the answer , multiply the numbers together by starting at the left of the group and working to the right .
.
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber .
Cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula : Af .
Then pour water or light oil from a graduated beaker into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface .
This is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension .
Most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) , making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches .
The only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms .
The volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume .
Another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position .
The formula for this step is : Af .
This volume is added to the total volume of the combustion chamber and head gasket opening .
The total of these three volumes is the `` final combustion chamber volume '' .
After the factors just described have been computed , they are applied to the following formula : Af
Any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible , with normal means , to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume displaced by the piston heads cannot be readily computed .
The only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position .
Gear ratio -- speed relationships
There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed , engine speed , rear axle gear ratio , and rear tire size .
To simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors .
These are
MPH for Car speed
, for Rear axle gear ratio
, for Tire size
.
Tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly .
This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft .
.
Using the same figures as for the previous example , the equation becomes : Af
To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors , the formula is : Af .
Orlando , Fla. , Feb. 2
Laguerre Hanover ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) and Monel ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) in 2:34 .
Laguerre Hanover is outstanding in type and conformation -- good body , plenty of heart girth , stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the smoothest gait .
This colt is behind most of the other 2-year-olds in the Simpson stable but can show about as much pace as any of them .
Stardel ( Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover ) , 2:34 , looks quite promising .
Fury is upstanding and on the rangy side , and Caper is more the compact type .
I have never seen Caper off his feet -- he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so .
Trackdown ( Torrid-Mighty Lady ) has worked a mile in 2:33.3 .
He appeared in the hopples about November 14 , was treated for worms on the 18th , the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace .
This colt has done everything asked of him , and done it with ease .
The first time he was harnessed he stood like a gentle old mare ; ;
The colts in Simpson's stable have little if anything on the fillies , especially the pacers .
Mrs. Freight ( Knight Dream-Miss Reed ) shows promise and does it in good form , and her best time is about 2:35 .
This time she submitted and in a few days was going good .
She is more like her full brother , Taraday Hanover , but larger .
Pete Dailey has four promising 2-year-old pacers .
Marquis Pick ( Gene Abbe-Direct Grattan ) seems to be the pick of the stable at the present time .
He is a fine-looking colt with a good body , good set of legs and nice way of going .
Staley Hanover ( Knight Dream-Sweetmite Hanover ) is a little on the small side but a very compact colt and looks like one to stand training and many future battles with colts in his class .
Most of Billy Haughton's 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35 .
Bonnie Wick ( Gene Abbe-Scotch Mary ) has gone in 2:36 ; ;
The first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself , `` that must be Hickory Ash '' .
Faber's Kathy ( Faber Hanover-Ceyway ) 2:37 ; ;
Honor Rodney ( Rodney-Honor Bright ) around 2:40 .
The last-named is a fine-looking , large colt , who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries .
Brief Candle ( Harlan-Marcia ) has gone in 2:37 ; ;
Lena Faber ( Faber Hanover-Chalidale Lena ) 2:33 ; ;
Martha Rodney ( Rodney-Miss Martha D. ) 2:35 ; ;
Fair Sail ( Farvel-Topsy Herring ) 2:36 ; ;
Custom Maid ( Knight Dream-Way Dream ) 2:34.2 ; ;
Good Flying ( Good Time-Olivette Hanover ) 2:36 ; ;
Faber's Choice ( Faber Hanover-Sally Joe Whippet ) 2:36 ; ;
Duffy Dares ( Meadow Gene-Princess Mite ) 2:36 ; ;
Trader Rich ( Worthy Boy-Marquita Hanover ) 2:37 ; ;
I have just seen Debonnie and Prompt Time work a mile in 2:34 , last quarter in :35.3 .
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together .
Prompt Time shows class .
Lorena Gallon ( Bill Gallon-Loren Hanover ) , 2:30-:34.3 ; ;
Premium Freight ( Titan Hanover-Pebble Hanover ) , 2:30.3-35.3 ; ;
Laguerre Hanover ( ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ;
Monel ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ;
Sam Caton's Butterwyn ( Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn ) , a light bay filly , knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36 .
Riverboat ( Dalzell-Cousin Rachel ) has gone in 2:38 .
Armbro Comet ( Nibble Hanover-Mauri Hanover ) has been in 2:38 .
While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and Jimmy Cruise has several that can really make it .
Work-outs for the week are as follows : Plain Scotch , 3 ( by Scotch Victor ) , Demon Law , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) , Coffee Royal , p ( by Royal Blackstone ) and Beauty Way , p , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) in 25 ; ;
For the aged horses : Mr. Budlong , p , 2:00.2 , Lottie Thomas , p , 2:04.2 , Mighty Signal 2:03 , Clever Braden , p , 2:01.1 , and Glow Star , p , 2:02.3 have been in 2:35 ; ;
Miss Demon Abbe , p , 1:59.3 has trotted in 2:26 , and is expected to race at this gait ; ;
Dewey Urban has a clever green trotter in Dr. Orin I. , 3 ( by Yankee Hanover ) , his latest mile in 2:20 ; ;
Early Sun , p , 2:02.3 , Chester Maid 2:05 , Dark Sun , p , 2:06.1 , and Sun Tan Maid 2:05.2 have been in 2:21 .
You've probably given a lot of Christmas-season thought to the guns in your rack , but it's not easy to decide on a new one .
the time to decide on them is now .
Here they are , with my comments and judgments .
Read on , take your pick -- and start dropping those hints .
First on my own list would be two arms -- a rifle and a handgun -- that qualify as new in the strictest sense .
it's a short , light , quick-handling , fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- whitetail .
After figuring out how to regulate the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact , we fired this little 20-inch-barrel job on my home range and in Marlin's underground test gallery .
We quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued Bill Ruger in his first experiments : Three or four bullets would be placed well in a six-inch bull at 100 yards and then , unaccountably , one could stray far out of the group .
Ruger learned that this was because the higher velocity achieved in a long barrel was upsetting the shape of the unjacketed revolver bullet .
But even without jacketed bullets , I had enough faith in my double to take it on an opening-day deer hunt that first year .
Within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket , and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards .
Three more deer have fallen to this same gun , and all were one-shot kills .
The Deerstalker points with the ease , speed and precision of a fine imported double shotgun , and its trigger pull is light and sharp .
At present it's available in one model , the fine and familiar Smith & Wesson Magnum revolver ( about $110 ) , long a top-quality handgun among target arms .
The velocity of this
This is a varmint load , pure and simple ; ;
it's much too explosive for small edible game .
It can cut a red squirrel neatly in two or burst a crow into a flurry of feathers .
The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard
You may therefore convert the gun into a small-game and plinking arm , although the difference in the point of impact ( Jet vs. rim-fire ) can be somewhat disconcerting .
I tested it in my scoped S & W and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the handgun steadily .
Hunting rifles , '61
The fact that the Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models , actions and calibers .
Aside from the Ruger carbine , a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time .
Here are the brands ( in alphabetical order ) and the new models .
the latter include the
Shotgun-type rubber recoil pads are standard on all of the Magnums except the
.
Colt's center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with Sako actions , regardless of caliber .
Previously , FN actions were used for the larger cartridges .
Among
Magnum Rim-Fire rifles , 1961's lone newcomer was the Kodiak Model 260 autoloader ( around $60 ) .
Previously known as Jefferson Arms , Kodiak has given this 11-shot hammerless job an exceptionally fine stock design , and the 260 is the first autoloader to handle
Magnum rim-fires .
Marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings .
rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles .
It's extremely accurate for an auto , and the test rifle I tried was completely trouble-free in functioning .
auto , this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip .
The Targo is a good outfit for fun shooting or for economic wing-shooting practice , but it's tougher than it looks to run up a score on the clay birds .
Big Magnum calibers appeared in the Remington line for 1961 , with the addition of the and to the list of Model 725's .
they weigh around nine pounds .
This carbine ( under $140 , about $15 more for a deluxe grade ) has an 18-1/2-inch barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model 760 pump with a short-barrel .
This design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard .
Beginners' guns , '61
A fresh crop of beginners' guns showed up in 1961 , and they're good bets for your Christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a youngster .
The most unusual of them is the Ithaca 49 ( about $20 , $5 for a saddle scabbard ) -- a lever-action single-shot patterned after the famous Winchester lever-action and featuring the Western look .
Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model .
Marlin's latest is also designed for the beginning shooter , although it's a full-sized rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock .
Stock design is excellent , and this model is a good first gun .
Another boy's model is the
A beginner's shotgun has also been introduced this year .
The single-barrel Stevens 940Y ( under $35 ) is made with a side lever rather than a top-tang lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun -- and the side lever does indeed open very easily .
Although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year , a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market .
Firearms International has introduced another import , this one from Finland .
It's the Valmet ( about $170 ) , a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old Remington 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices .
Mossberg's latest contribution to the field is the Model 500 ( from $73.50 ) ; ;
Aside from the
Coaching had declined considerably by 1905 , but the sign was still there , near the old Wells Fargo building in San Francisco , creaking in the fog as it had for thirty years .
John Vernon had had all the patronage he cared for -- he had prospered , but he could not retire from horsedom .
Twice a week he drove his tallyho over the Santa Cruz road , upland and through the redwood forest , with orchards below him at one hand , and glimpses of the Pacific at the other .
The journey back he made along the coast road , traveling hell-for-leather , every lantern of the tallyho ablaze .
The southward route was the classic run in California , and the most fashionable .
They did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting ( seven in the morning ) , nor of the tariff , which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco .
It yields a fragrance as Orphic as that of the pastilles of Malabar .
Vernon was serviceable on the botanical field trips , but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks , and he was glad when the trips dropped off , and the botanists began to motor out by themselves .
My friend often breakfasted with Vernon on the morning of the regular tallyho run .
It was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters .
Oyster salt roast -- oysters on the half shell , cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served -- was a standby at Manning's .
Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy .
Antoine's held as mandatory a splash of absinthe or Pernod on the parsley or spinach which was used for the underbedding .
After the meal , he and his guests went out to inspect the rig ; ;
this was merely a ritual , to please all hands concerned .
A replica of two coaches made in England for the Belmont Club in the East , and matchless west of the Rockies , it was the despair of whips on the Santa Cruz run .
The horses were groomed to a high gloss ; ;
They had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kedgeree , the dish identified with fox hunting , was on the bill .
There are many ways of making a kedgeree , every one of which is right .
Here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen :
Flake ( for three ) a cupful of cold boiled haddock , mix with a cupful of cooked rice , two minced hard-boiled eggs , some buttery white sauce done with cream , cayenne , pepper , salt , a pinch of curry , a tablespoonful of minced onion fried , and a bit of anchovy .
Heat and serve hot on toast .
For decades it was the most popular dish served in the Ladies' Grill at breakfast , and it is one of the few old Palace dishes that still survive .
Native California oysters , salty and piquant , as coppery as Delawares and not much larger than a five-cent piece , went into it .
The original formula goes thus :
omelet Arbogast
Fry in butter a small minced onion , rub with a tablespoonful of flour , add half a cup of cream , six beaten eggs , pepper , celery salt , a teaspoonful of minced chives , a dash of cayenne , and a pinch of nutmeg .
A jigger of dry Sherry follows , and as the mixture stiffens , in go a hundred of the little oysters .
Louis Sherry once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco , to attend an Episcopal convention , and brought the restaurateur with him .
In the grand court of the Palace , notable for its tiers of Moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of vehicles below , Vernon's station was at the entrance .
he had the primacy among the coachmen .
Promptly at seven he would clatter out of the court with twelve in the tallyho .
He had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a gale , he leaned with them .
The road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ;
An agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of the tallyho , from which there issued clouds of smoke .
Vernon would tilt his hat over one ear as he lounged with his feet on the dashboard , indulging in a huge cigar .
The horses moved at a clump ; ;
they were no more on parade than was their driver ; ;
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left .
You arrive there in seersucker , and feel you were half-witted not to bring a mackintosh .
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat .
The horses seemed to know these by instinct , he used to say : such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins .
There was Wright's , for one , lost amongst trees , its wide verandas strewn with rockers .
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to Berkshires ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned .
Wright's devil sauce
Contribute also an onion , a peeled tomato and two pickled gherkins , and a mashed lime .
After this has simmered an hour , add two tablespoons each of Worcestershire , catsup , and chutney , two pickled walnuts , and a pint of Sherry .
Then simmer fifteen minutes longer .
But no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in venison pies .
( The Almaden vineyards have now climbed to this height .
Wright's apple pie
peel , core , and slice across enough apples to make a dome in the pie tin , and set aside .
Let this boil gently for twenty minutes , then strain .
The miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the Midwest ; ;
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains ; ;
the lush and historic charm of the South .
We divided the country into five regions plus Hawaii and Alaska and in each is included a general description of the area plus specific recommendations of places and events to cover .
Any special photographic requirements are also given .
The rolling farms of Maryland , the peerless metropolis of New York City , the verdant mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation .
By automobile from New York , for example , you can take a one or two-day tour to Annapolis , Maryland to see the colonial homes and the U.S. Naval Academy ( where you can shoot the dress parade on Wednesdays ) ; ;
or to Lancaster , Pa. , the center of the Pennsylvania Dutch country ; ;
North to Acadia National Park , Maine , with views of a rockbound coast and dark , magnificent forests .
One of the most exciting ways to end a Northeast vacation would be with a week in New York City .
Now you're ready for a whirlwind sightseeing tour of America's most exciting city .
The skyline , the bridges , Broadway , and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for New York City .
Some tips for shooting in Northeastern locales : In New York City don't miss coverage of the United Nations .
These striking , modernistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available .
Flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions .
It encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation , on the one hand , to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera .
Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial re-enactments .
Among the locales to visit are Shiloh , Tennessee ; ;
Richmond , Virginia ; ;
Petersburg , Virginia , and Fredericksburg , Virginia .
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and Parrot Jungle .
The famous old French and Spanish buildings with their elaborate wrought iron balconies and the narrow streets of the Latin Quarter present an Old World scene .
The Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit .
Along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks , gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn .
Gatlinburg , Tennessee , is the center of this area .
At Charlottesville , Va. , shoot Monticello and the beautiful buildings of the University .
Foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the Southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order .
For example , the Chamber of Commerce of Gatlinburg , Tennessee , sponsors special camera tours into the Great Smoky Mountains to get pictures of the profusion of wild flowers flourishing in these wooded regions .
In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area .
For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a tripod .
Enough daylight is usually available from the windows , but if you have synchronized flash -- use it .
For some unusual photographic subjects , if your vacation takes you nearby , try these events : the 600-mile auto race in Charlotte , N.C. , , on May 27 ; ;
Wisconsin Dells , where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage , rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago .
The farmlands forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago .
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood .
The Black Hills Passion Play is produced every summer and is a pageant worth seeing and shooting .
In Missouri ( which we are including in our general Midwest region ) you can glance into Mark Twain's birthplace at Hannibal , see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where Huck Finn hatched his boyish mischief .
Itasca State Park , where the Mississippi River begins , is one of the outstanding tourist spots in Minnesota .
There's a museum here and also Old Abilene Town , a reconstruction of the cattle boomtown of the 70's and 80's .
For a resort area , Mackinack Island , Michigan , is the place to visit .
Just after sunset is a good time to record the city lights in color since you get a `` fill-in '' light from the sky .
Again , be sure your tripod is handy for those sometimes-necessary time exposures .
the world-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis , Indiana , plus a festival from May 27-30 ; ;
`` Song Of Hiawatha '' , in Elgin , Illinois , from June 20 to 24th .
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland , Michigan , May 12-14 ; ;
the USGA Open in Birmingham from June 15-17 ; ;
and the International Freedom Festival in Detroit , June 29 thru July 4 .
The West
A tour of several of them is possible in a two-week vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal reward .
In California is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- Yosemite .
Among its most spectacular features are its falls , the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet .
In the Utah area are Zion National Park and Bryce Canyon National Park .
Fantastic colors are to be seen in the fanciful formations of eroded rock which loom out of the semiarid country in both parks .
Colorado's Grand Canyon , probably the most famous landmark of the United States , can be the highpoint of your Western vacation .
Built upon seven hills , Istanbul , like Rome , is one of the most ancient cities in the world , filled with splendor and contrast .
At the moment , many of these are being pulled down .
Whole blocks are disappearing and more are scheduled to vanish to make room for wide boulevards that will show off its treasures to better advantage -- the great domes and graceful spires of its mosques , the panorama of the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn .
Even when they are finished , however , the contrast will remain , for Istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents .
In 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks , the city officially shifted religions -- although the Patriarch , or Pope , of the Orthodox Church continued to live there , and still does -- and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire .
Easy to get to , and becoming more popular every year , it is only fourteen hours from New York by Pan American World Airways jet , four hours from Rome .
I got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left , the Blue Mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of St. Sophia .
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by Constantine , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later .
On his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple grander than Solomon's in Jerusalem .
A few years later the dome fell in .
In the second half of the Sixteenth Century , Sinan , the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East , designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome .
Inside over the first door I saw one of these , which shows Constantine offering the city to the Virgin Mary and Justinian offering the temple .
On the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writing .
The eight green columns , I learned , came from the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus , the others , red , from the Temple of the Sun at Heliopolis .
Beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned , a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence .
It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games .
The round minarets , tall and graceful , rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer .
Taking the streetcar back to Kaiser's Fountain , I walked ahead , then left down the street opposite St. Sophia and just beyond the corner came to a small , one-story building with a red-tile roof , which is the entrance to the Sunken Palace .
Actually an underground cistern , its roof supported by rows and rows of pillars , it was built by Justinian in the Sixth Century to supply the palace with water .
Going through the Imperial Gate in the wall , I entered the grounds of Topkapi Palace , home of the Sultans and nerve center of the vast Ottoman Empire , and walked along a road toward another gate in the distance , past the Church of St. Irene , completed by Constantine in 330 A.D. on my left , and then , just outside the second gate , I saw a spring with a tap in the wall on my right -- the Executioner's Spring , where he washed his hands and his sword after beheading his victims .
At one time about 10,000 people lived there .
Following arrowed signs , I veered right toward the former kitchens , complete with chimneys , which now house one of the world's greatest collections of Chinese porcelain and a fabulous array of silver dinner services .
In the court once more , I went right toward the Reception House , a long one-story building with a deep portico .
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged .
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds , pearls and other jewels .
Taking the path behind the Throne Room to the building directly beyond it , the Portrait Gallery , I went right at the end of it , through a garden to a small building at the back -- a sitting room furnished with low blue divans , its floor covered with carpets , its ceiling painted with gold squares and floral designs .
Don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces .
Sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for juiciest results .
If doubtful about a steak , boldly cut it in half .
If necessary to replace both halves on grill , sear cuts and allot extra time .
For roasts , insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone .
Don't practice a new recipe on guests .
Have a test-run on the family first , to be sure timing and seasoning are right .
Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it .
fruit does nicely .
Don't think you have to start with the most expensive equipment in the world .
You need tongs to handle meat ; ;
long forks for turning potatoes and corn ; ;
heavy foil on hand at all times .
There is even one set that has `` barbecue '' written on it .
Tougher than plastic , it wears well .
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments .
In the winter , hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace .
Do buy all-purpose mugs or cups .
Be sure to get a few more than you need .
Don't forget the joys of a meal on the road .
A picnic bag , a grill , a cooler for soft drinks and beer , and for frozen convenience foods .
Eat in a restaurant or motel mornings and evenings ; ;
maybe a skillet , a basket of essentials like salt , pepper , plates , forks , knives and a can opener .
Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics -- cervelat , salami , Vienna sausages , mettwurst , bratwurst , bockwurst , knackwurst , Bologna , pepperoni , blutwurst -- and you have a long list of easy specialties .
A story goes that a certain Herr Feuchtwanger of St. Louis , around 1883 served his sausages ( grilled ) and mustard to his fancy customers .
-- Relishes are as vital to the success of the frank as are buns .
Bring along the conventional ones -- catsup , pickle relish , mustard , mayonnaise -- plus a few extras , such as tangy barbecue sauce , chive cream cheese , or horse-radish for the brave ones in the crowd .
Watch closely while browning them , as it doesn't take long .
Broil or toast as usual .
1 cup chili sauce 1/3 cup water 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 1/2 pound chipped , spiced ham 6 sandwich buns , heated
.
Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan ; ;
Add ham ; ;
heat .
Serve on buns .
sweet-sour sauce
Mustard cream
Make sauces ahead .
Mustard cream , used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits , tastes best when served at room temperature .
For sweet-sour sauce , cook onion in oil until soft .
Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil .
Trim-your-own-franks
A back-yard picnic with grilled frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer .
Be sure to have plenty of frankfurters and buns on hand .
Chili con carne : use canned chili con carne .
Coney Island sauce : finely chop several onions and add enough catsup to moisten well ; ;
add prepared mustard to suit taste .
Barbecued frankfurters
1/2 cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato ketchup 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters
Combine first 9 ingredients in skillet .
Prick frankfurters with fork ; ;
simmer 15 minutes , stirring occasionally , until sauce is of desired consistency .
Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish .
Makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings .
Stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank , ham fashion .
Blend 2 cups biscuit mix with 2/3 cup milk to make a soft dough .
Knead on lightly floured board and roll out to form a Af-inch rectangle .
Spread dough with a mixture of 3 tablespoons chili sauce , 1 teaspoon horse-radish and 2 teaspoons mustard .
Cut dough carefully into 12 strips , about 3/4 inch by a foot long .
Hamburger patties with nuts
.
Combine ingredients ; ;
Equipment :
Basic pottery studio equipment .
Wooden butter molds and cookie presses .
General directions :
Clean wooden molds and presses thoroughly ; ;
they must be free of oil , wax and dust .
Pressing designs :
Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects ; ;
Place the cut clay piece loosely over the carved cavity design side of wooden mold .
To obtain clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges .
Trim excess clay away from outer edges .
Check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay .
Be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles .
This will prevent the clay from twisting or bending , causing warping when fired .
If the background of design is too smooth , or you wish to create a wood-grained effect , it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush .
Leave the clay on plaster board to dry slowly , covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent warping .
( opposite page , right top ) : Stoneware clay was used .
Glazed with two coats of Creek-Turn white stoneware glaze ( no glaze on sides or bottom ) .
Decorated on unfired glaze with one coat of one-stroke ceramic colors ; ;
Tiles were fired once to cone 05 .
Bisque fired to cone 05 .
No further firing .
( opposite page , top left ) : Red clay was used , rolled 1/2'' '' thick .
Mold was used as pattern and clay cut by holding knife at about 45-degree angle , to form an undercut , making base smaller than the pattern top .
Paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard .
Bisque fired to cone 05 .
( opposite page , top left ) : Remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold .
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj .
Pattern for inner lid piece E fits inside Aj .
Use white or buff clay , rolled to 3/16'' '' thickness .
Place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position .
Place clay pieces on wall board .
To assemble jar , put paper pattern B for base in bottom of mold and clay disk B on top .
Line sides of mold with paper pattern Aj .
Place clay piece A inside ; ;
Join B to bottom of A , scoring and reinforcing with clay coil .
Trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid .
Score plain side of C and leave in mold .
score other side of D and one side of disk E and join as before .
press eraser of pencil gently 1/4'' '' deep into deep clay to allow vent for proper drying and firing .
Remove lid from head of mold .
Remove jar from mold .
For an antique effect on jars , brush Creek-Turn brown toner on bisque ware and sponge it off .
Glaze with two coats of clear or transparent matt glaze .
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 .
Little folks set :
) Roll white clay to 3/16'' '' thickness .
For top and bottom pieces , use short end of mold as measurement guide .
Trim excess clay from rim of mold .
Cut clay top and base pieces ; ;
place on plaster board .
To assemble :
Construct sides , bottom and top as for box , using slip on scored edges and coils of clay to reinforce seams .
add top last .
Cut hole in base for cork stopper .
bevel overlapping ends for splice joint , score beveled edges .
Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder .
This will form the sugar bowl .
Handle for creamer is a strip of clay 1/2'' '' wide and 3-1/2'' '' long .
press scored handle ends firmly in place using dowel to reinforce container while pressing ; ;
To form spout , between two designs , dampen area slightly and gently push clay outward .
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired .
Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl .
Napkin holder :
Press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times .
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil .
A cardboard pattern cut to fit inside holder will help to prevent warping .
use three strips of clay to hold in place ( see Fig. 2 , page 71 ) .
Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage .
Clean greenware .
Inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze .
To measure work :
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center .
Measuring armhole
Mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it .
Measure straight up from marked row .
See illustration .
When directions read `` sl a marker on needle '' , put a small safety pin , paper clip , or commercial ring marker on needle .
To mark a row or stitch , tie contrasting thread around end of row or stitch to be marked .
Backstitching seam
Pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns .
Run end of yarn through several stitches along edge to secure ; ;
backstitch pieces together close to edge .
Do not draw yarn too tight .
To sew in sleeves :
Ease in any extra fullness evenly around .
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle .
Youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom , bunks for three , galley and marine toilet .
With only two aboard , Hotei does better than 27 mph -- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a three-foot chop .
She also banks into a turn like a fine runabout -- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser .
We've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry .
There's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items .
The aft cockpit has a Af storage bin over six feet long that doubles as a seat .
On each side of the motor well there's storage for battery , bumpers , line and spare props with six-gallon gas tanks below .
A Gator trailer , Model 565 , is used to transport the boat to the waterways .
All framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13/16-inch thickness specified in the drawings .
Besides flathead bronze screws , silicon bronze Stronghold nails ( made by Independent Nail & Packing Co. , Bridgewater , Mass. ) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinol glue is used in all the joints .
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings .
Start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor .
In this way you will be able to detect any obvious mistakes .
The transom frame is made first with the joints lapped , glued and fastened with one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails .
Nowhere in the boat do the frames come in contact with the plywood planking .
The jig is erected after the frames and transom are complete .
This is an important step because any misalignment would cause progressively worse misalignment in the hull as you advance in construction .
The frames are glued and screwed to this piece .
One-inch , No. 10 screws are used in both cases .
A stem jig is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one .
Take two three-inch-wide pieces and rip them down the center of the thickness to make the four .
Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig .
They're glued and screwed to the inner member of the keelson .
A number of C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets .
The side ones are a half-inch narrower .
Glue and 1-1/2-inch , No. 10 screws are used .
I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips .
Plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens , the stem and the transom .
Another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening .
The best procedure is to have a few friends hold the planking in place while you mark it off .
Then trim the excess .
I used a Homemaster Routo-Jig made by Porter Cable for this job .
Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom , frames , keelson and all the battens .
The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points .
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner .
After planking , the bottom gets a layer of Fiberglas .
The spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws .
Since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails , they are also rough-sanded in that area .
The cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time .
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin .
Before the resin has hardened , screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the centerline .
This protects the bottom in beaching .
I set it on the Gator trailer .
These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry .
Note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces .
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood .
With all deck battens in place , the bilge is cleaned and painted up to the floor line .
Bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place .
For padding the seats and bunks , I used Ensolite , Type Aj .
Lightweight , non-absorbent , fire resistant and dimensionally stable , it is easily bonded to the wood with contact cement .
Because of the unique design by the architect Egils Hermanovski , you can build most of it in your own home workshop in your spare time .
Most of it is panelized and utilizes standard materials , and requires the use of only simple tools .
On the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation cottage , from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim .
But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman .
Thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend .
The roof timbers are precut and the panels standard so that the house can be completely enclosed in a matter of three or four days .
At the same time check the electrical , plumbing , and sanitary requirements , as well as possible zoning regulations .
Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not , check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas ( we give you alternatives later on ) .
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department .
The site
How are the roads , and how will they stand up ? ?
Is there evidence of wash-outs on the property ; ;
swampy areas or intermittent springs ? ?
A visit in the early spring after a thaw will be very informative .
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost .
Bear in mind that this does not include interior panels for partitions , fancy flooring , appliances and fixtures , electrical wiring , and plumbing , all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues .
They should be as straight as possible , as this will effect their ability to mesh properly when the walls are erected .
It is recommended that panels be both glued as well as nailed to the frame .
There are standard sliding glass windows in wood or aluminum frames for those panels requiring them .
Note : If 1/2-inch panel board is used inside and out , or 5/8-inch one side and 3/8-inch the other , and 1/8-inch glass is used , stock lumber in Af , Af , and Af can be used in making the glass panels .
In any case , there is no special milling or rabbeting required for the panels .
With modern techniques of woodworking and the multitude of cutting tools , fixtures , and attachments available , the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool .
The drill press consists of a vertical shaft ( spindle ) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck , a tubular housing ( quill ) in which the spindle is mounted , a head in which the quill is mounted , a feed lever which moves the quill up or down , a power source , and a movable table upon which the work is placed .
There is often a means of locking the quill and , on larger presses , the table can be tilted .
This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy .
A coat of paste wax or a rubdown with a piece of wax paper will protect the polished surface of the table ; ;
Keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys won't slip when pulled by hand ; ;
excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle bearings .
Don't lose the chuck key
.
Some manufacturers have had the foresight to provide a socket for the chuck key ; ;
Feeds and speeds
You will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instruction booklet that came with the tool .
See the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds .
Too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools .
Common drilling tools
There are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes .
The most common are the twist drill , the solid center shaft with interchangeable cutting blades , the double spur bit , and the power wood bit .
All will do a good job if sharp , but the twist drills don't cut quite as smoothly as the others , since they do not have the outlining spurs that sever the fibers before actual boring starts .
This will not only protect the work table , but also assure a clean breakthrough .
Another method of assuring a clean hole is to first drill a small pilot hole all the way through , then drill half way with the dimensional bit , turn the piece over , and finish from the other side .
In this case , drilling a small pilot hole or clamping the work will do much to improve accuracy .
The depth gauge rod can now be set , and any number of holes bored to exact and identical depth .
Its building was first proposed in 1791 , when a group of citizens , mostly Newburyport men , petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation .
`` We , the Subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient Number of Persons have subscribed to this , or a similar Writing , We will present a petition to the Hon'ble General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , praying for an Act incorporating into a Body politic the subscribers to such Writing with Liberty to build such a Bridge , and a Right to demand a Toll equal to that received at Malden Bridge , and on like Terms , and if such an Act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said Bridge the several shares set against our respective Names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of Money at such Times and in such Manners , as by the said proposed Corporation , shall be directed and required '' .
This two-part bridge is best described by Rev. Timothy Dwight , president of Yale College , in his `` Travels In New-England And New-York '' , published in New Haven in 1821 .
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet , and whose vortex is forty feet ( it was actually 37 feet ) above the high-water mark .
I have already mentioned that Mr. Timothy Palmer of Newburyport was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country .
he certainly deserves not a little credit for the invention '' .
and was there apprenticed to a builder and architect , Moody Spofford .
Richard S. Allen is the authority for the statement that the northern section was probably roofed by 1810 .
Its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the `` Massachusetts Magazine '' in May 1793 , which is reproduced herewith ( Fig. 1 ) .
A brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber .
A dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place July 4 , 1793 , in a tavern erected by the corporation on the island .
The `` Essex Journal '' says that he `` delivered an oration on the bridge , which for elegance of style , propriety of speech or force of argument , was truly Ciceronian '' .
The north portion of the Essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction , although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning .
This was built by John Templeman from plans submitted by James Finley of Fayette County , Pennsylvania .
Information is hereby given that Mr. Timothy Palmer of Newburyport , Mass. has agreed to take charge of the concerns of the Patentees of the Chain Bridge , in the states of Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Vermont , Rhode Island , and Connecticut , so far as relates to the sale of Patent rights and the construction of Chain Bridges .
.
The Essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868 , when the County Commissioners laid out all the Merrimack bridges as highways .
Sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use , the old covered , wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site , May 28th to June 3rd .
Colonel Frederick W. Lander , impersonated , will again make his break-neck ride down the steep declivity of Talbott's ( now College ) Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel Benjamin F. Kelley's ( West ) Virginia Infantry , then swarming through the streets in pursuit of the retreating Confederates .
He was closely followed by the Ohio and Indiana troops -- thus the old bridge has another distinction ; ;
Twice during the Civil War it was saved from destruction by the opposing armies by the pleas and prayers of a local minister .
This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story .
So frequently have pictures of the bridge appeared in books and in national publications that it vies with the old John Brown Fort at Harpers Ferry as the two nationally best known structures in West Virginia .
The Chenoweth brothers were experienced bridge builders , and against the competition of other , and better known , bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered , wooden bridges on the Parkersburg and Staunton Turnpike a dozen years before , as well as many other bridges for several counties .
But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General William E. ( Grumble ) Jones reached Philippi while on the famous Jones-Imboden raid in May , 1863 .
Reverend Joshual Corder , a Baptist minister , gathered a few citizens of Southern sympathies , to call on Jones and plead with him to spare the structure ; ;
Jones relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via Beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army , while Jones and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden .
Again Reverend Corder saved the bridge when Union soldiers planned to destroy it , after filling its two lanes with hay and straw -- but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered , certainly not because of pressure from an opposing Confederate force .
On the second occasion it took prayers as well as reason to dissuade the soldiers from their purpose .
Centering around this historic old structure , a group of public-spirited Barbour County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events , beginning on May 28th and continuing through June 3rd , to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at Philippi .
We have learned a lot -- a dash of hydrochemistry here , a bit about plumbing and pump-priming there .
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds .
But problems cling to pools , as any pool owner knows .
So our innate generosity of spirit prompts us to share our trials , errors and solutions with any who are taking the pool plunge for the first time -- in the pious hope that some may profit from our experience .
One of us has a pool set in a wooded area very near the house .
The other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill .
If you are dreaming of a blue , shimmering pool right outside your living room windows , close your eyes firmly and fill in the picture with lots and lots of children , damp towels , squashed tubes of suntan oil and semi-inflated plastic toys .
You are likely to be nearer the truth .
On the other hand , out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long trek to reach the pool .
Another dilemma : As picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be , trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool .
Yet a grassy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed .
As in choosing a wife , it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good .
In the colder climes , for instance , you will have to live through the many unglamorous winter months when your pool will hardly look its best .
( We do , however , recommend those patented covers to prevent both people and junk -- flora and fauna generally -- from accidentally wintering in the pool .
)
Naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land .
But if space and money are no problem and small children are not on hand every day , it is certainly more restful to have your pool and entertainment area removed from the immediate environs of the house .
Eight years ago while we were going through the mud-sweat-and-tears construction period , we were each solaced by the vision of early morning dips and evening home-comings to a cool family collected around the pool with a buffet table laid out nearby for the lord and master's delectation .
But not even our first pool-side gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies .
Not at all .
Our book of etiquette
After the first few weeks , it was obvious that rules had to be made , laid down and obeyed -- even if our popularity ratings became subnormal as a result .
First and foremost : No one -- no , not anyone -- in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle .
No ringers , either -- even if they are trailing legitimate invitees .
And accompanying adults are urged to keep an alert and sensible eye on their responsibilities .
No bottle pool is tolerated -- bottle pool being our lingo for those who come to swim and sink into our bar while protesting that they can only dunk and run .
( Sanity , solvency and relations with our wine merchant took a beating that first summer as we inadvertently became the neighborhood free-drink stop .
)
We designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours .
) We do , however , provide a limited number of extra suits , mainly for children , and we stock extra towels and a few inexpensive bathing conveniences .
Life-preservers , the buckle-on kapok-filled kind , are held in readiness , too , for the very young .
Diving boards must have non-skid surfaces ( coco matting takes an awful beating from chlorine and rots quickly , but grit-impregnated paints are excellent ) .
And divers must be enjoined to look before they leap , either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge .
Our pools also have wide , shallow steps -- for the benefit of the littlest swimmers who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords .
All bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups .
You should be prepared to cope with any pitfall such as plunges into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer lawsuits .
Unless you want to make your wife a pool widow and to spend a great many of your leisure hours nursing your pool's pristine purity , its care and feeding -- from pH content to filtering and vacuuming -- is best left to a weekly or bi-monthly professional service .
Or you can make pool care the price of swimming for teen-agers .
A brief course in hydraulics from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis .
Preserving the pool
A sudden high rise in temperature will turn your pool poison green overnight .
A pool is no place for a shut trap .
You can hope against hope that come spring cleaning , your fair-weather friends will lend a hand at scrubbing and furbishing .
Many hours of spring cleaning will be saved , however , if you remove the main drain grate when you close the pool season in the fall .
Much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp , but requires dynamite if allowed to dry .
If you have a 6- to 8-inch drain pipe , you may easily wash out all the debris when the grate is out .
Of course , when your 6-inch torrent of water is released , it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties .
Do not forget this possibility .
Once on the water , these little visitors seldom leave , and this adds to your filtering and vacuuming problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present .
Follow pool-care instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chance for claiming , `` It wasn't my turn '' .
Never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the valves -- even if the little boys do want to play space ship .
Any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be obsolete in 10 years .
No less an authority than the FHA concurs that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its operating costs .
We know now that a 15-degree differential in temperature is the maximum usually desirable , and accurate controls assure the comfort we want .
Heart conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat .
The cleaner air means less time spent pushing a vacuum , fewer trips to the dry cleaners , lighter loads for the washing machine .
Clothes hold their shape better , and mildew and rust become almost forgotten words .
It will improve your disposition .
That brings its per-year cost down mighty low .
For any house .
No matter what style your home is , ranch , two-story , Colonial or contemporary , central air conditioning is easily installed .
But there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build .
If that's done , the house can be designed and oriented for best operation , and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself .
From the coil small copper pipes connect to a weatherproof refrigeration section set in the yard , garage , carport , or basement .
If you plan to add cooling later to your heating system , there are things to watch for .
This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone .
Be sure you get a perimeter heating system , and diffusers that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating .
Instead of radiators you'll have cooling-heating units , each with its own thermostat .
These systems are more expensive than year-'round forced air systems .
The minimum cost for an average one-story , 7-room house with basement , is likely to run $1500 above the cost of the heating alone .
If the problems of combining cooling with your heating are knotty , it may be cheaper to plan on a completely separate cooling system .
It is , in effect , an oversize room conditioner equipped with prefab glass-fiber ducts to distribute the cooled , cleaned , dehumidified air where it is wanted .
In a long , rambling ranch , two such units can be installed , one serving the living area , the other the sleeping zone .
In a two-story house , one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor , another in the attic to cool the second .
One of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating .
A relatively simple switching arrangement reverses the cycle so that the machine literally runs backward , and the heat is extracted from outdoor air and turned indoors .
Up until recently , this heat pump method of warming air was efficient only in areas of mild winters and when outside temperatures were above 40 degrees .
Now , the machine has been improved to a point where it is generally more economical than oil heat at temperatures down to 15 degrees .
You can get this added heating feature for as little as $200 more than the price of cooling alone .
Among other things , besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside , it will depend upon your personal habits and the makeup of your family .
Families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool .
If you are a party thrower , you may need added capacity .
Cooling requirements are best expressed in terms of Aj .
A very rough rule of thumb is that , under favorable conditions , you'll need 15 BTU's of cooling for every square foot of your house .
You'll need more if the high average is above that , less if it's below .
Coolers are also rated by tons .
It is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor , and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll get .
Don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough .
Money-saving tips .
If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings .
You can use heat-absorbing glass to stop the sun , double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation .
Restrict large glass areas to the north and south sides of the house .
They're easier to shade there .
An attic space above insulation makes a house easier to cool .
Insulate , weatherstrip , double-glaze to the maximum .
In insulation , the numbers to remember are 6-4-2 .
They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors .
It costs two to three times as much to remove a BTU in summer as it does to add one in winter , so every solitary BTU is worth attention .
It's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet , but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum .
Avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom .
you must have a list of requirements on where , how many , and what type sites are needed .
Begin the examination of a site with a good map and aerial photos if possible .
These are inexpensive and available from the U. S. Geological Society , Washington 25 , D. C. .
Most counties also have maps available from the county engineer showing roads and other features and from the assessor's office showing ownerships of land .
This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .
These are a great aid for planning use back at the office .
A visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area .
You need answers to four important questions .
Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site .
Frontage on a body of clear , clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on polluted water .
Some recreation features , such as scenic values and water interest , also have greater overall value than other interests .
An area on the coast may have relaxing views of the surf rolling in on a beach .
A site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs .
This follows naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports .
A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use .
It also cools the air in summer and nourishes the trees and wild life .
The amount of water frontage , the quantity and quality of the water , and the recreation afforded by it are important .
A restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use .
The quantity of water flow may be critical ; ;
A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area .
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed .
A group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site .
Fishing interest calls for a check of the species found , quantity and size , the season they are available , and the stocking program of the fish commission .
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life .
Each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done .
The historical sign tells its story , but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered .
An old shipwreck , a high dam , an old covered bridge , a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold , etcetera may be of interest .
Some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , artifacts , etcetera .
How well can the site be developed ? ?
Many things need to be checked :
-- The size of the area alone can be a determining factor .
Areas should be large enough to include the attractions , have ample space for the use of facilities needed , and have room around the edges to protect the values of the area from encroachment by private developments .
Shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development .
A large picnic area or camping development is most efficient in shape as a square or rectangle several hundred feet in width in preference to a long narrow area less than one hundred feet wide .
This is true because of savings in utility lines and the fact that your buildings have a useful radius equal in all directions .
The utilities available nearby may provide a savings in the cost of extending electricity or water to the site .
-- In addition to its recreation interests , water is needed for drinking , sanitation , and irrigation .
The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection .
-- The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking .
Some shrubs may be of good landscaping value , other areas of brush may need to be cleared .
The direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area .
Lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable .
-- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site .
and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics .
Prokofieff's outlook as a composer-pianist-conductor in America was , indeed , brilliant .
Certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon .
I heard the Classical Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927 .
All musical Paris was there .
I myself was one of the skeptics ( 35 years ago ) .
We attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; ;
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms .
So young Prokofieff was the darling of success : in his motherland ; ;
Here , this happy , roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social-economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world .
This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' .
And with what resource did Prokofieff back up his Credo of words -- with torrents of powerful music .
This masterpiece has gaiety , too , but it is the gaiety of dancing people : earthy , salty and humorous .
However , in all of Prokofieff's music , young or mature , we find his profile -- his `` signature '' -- his craftsman's attitude .
In orchestration , he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color .
His sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable .
His counterpoint is pertinent , skillful , and rarely thick .
Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required .
That Prokofieff's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears , may or may not indicate that he was less of an `` original '' than we prefer to believe .
yet was never caught up in it -- never a slave to its academic dialectics .
Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances .
Why did Prokofieff expand in stature and fecundity , while Stravinsky ( who leaped into fame like a young giant ) dwindled in stature and fruitfulness ? ?
When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose .
But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting .
But time is running out , and many of Stravinsky's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma .
His various aesthetic postulates remain as landmarks of a house divided against itself : Supra-Expressionism , Neo-Paganism , Neo-Classicism , Neo-Romanticism , Neo-Jazz , Neo-Ecclesiasticism , Neo-Popularism , and most recently , Post-Serialism -- all competing with each other within one composer ! !
Stravinsky , nearing the age of eighty , is like a lost and frantic bird , flitting from one abandoned nest to another , searching for a home .
How differently Prokofieff's life unfolded .
time and economic security ; ;
choruses , chamber music ensembles ; ;
recordings ; ;
large and eager audiences .
It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive : economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose .
That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; ;
and perhaps of even greater significance -- his music is strong 20th-Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music .
On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30th anniversary .
Roy Mason is essentially a landscape painter whose style and direction has a kinship with the English watercolorists of the early nineteenth century , especially the beautifully patterned art of John Sell Cotman .
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them .
As a boy Roy Mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the out-of-doors , its tang of weather , its change of seasons , its variable moods .
His father , a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature .
It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors .
Gradually he withdrew from the shop altogether , and for the past thirty years , he has worked independently as a painter , except for his continued hunting and fishing expeditions .
He worked in oil for years before beginning his work in watercolor , and his first public recognition and early honors , including his election to the Academy , were for his essays in the heavier medium .
Gradually watercolor claimed his greater affection until today it has become his major , if not exclusive , technique .
color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; ;
and that over-all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark .
Inspiring -- yes ; ;
`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-doors .
First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately Af inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values -- the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark -- by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns .
as a result , such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him .
Just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting , unless the position serves the design of the whole composition .
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking .
`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .
From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage .
Then I plan my attack : the parts I will finish first , the range of values , the accenting of minor details -- all in all , mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of crispness .
Trial and error are better placed in the preliminary sketch than in hoping for miracles in the final painting .
In my studio I work at a tilt-top table , but leave the paper unfixed so that I can move it freely to control the washes .
After selecting a sheet and inspecting it for flaws ( even the best sometimes has foreign ' nubbins ' on its surface ) , I sponge it thoroughly on both sides with clean , cold water .
two riggers , 6 and 10 ; ;
The bristles are a Fitch 2 and a one-half inch brush shaved to a sharp chisel edge .
Unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention , this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate .
When painting , Mason's physical eyes are half-closed , while his mind's eye is wide open , and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey .
It is for this reason that Roy avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment .
His pictures generalize , though they are inspired by a particular locale ; ;
they universalize in terms of weather , skies , earth , and people .
By dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way , Roy Mason has found a particular niche in American landscape art .
And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again , in his natal month of March ! !
two American Watercolor Society prizes ; ;
the Blair Purchase Prize for watercolor , Art Institute of Chicago ; ;
The Russian gymnasts beat the tar out of the American gymnasts in the 1960 Olympics for one reason -- they were better .
But why gymnastics at all ? ?
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ?
Taking first things first , let's understand the sport called gymnastics .
It is made up of tumbling , which might be said to start with a somersault , run through such stunts as headstands , handstands , cartwheels , backbends , and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work .
The parallel bars , horse , buck , springboard , horizontal bar , rings , and mats formerly in the school gyms were replaced by baseball , volleyball , basketball and football .
But the Russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one , endurance .
The addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen .
) In most sports , as in most walks of life , the angels are on the side of those who begin young , and the Russian competitor of 16 has at least thirteen years of training behind him .
The American is very lucky if he has three .
If a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations , it would start its kindergarten students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague American schools .
Oddly enough , it is proven that there would be less reading difficulty .
Russia knows this , and that is why there were over 800,000 competing for places as candidates for the Olympic gymnastic team .
Russia's young gymnasts have studied dance before having the rigorous training on apparatus .
Well-stretched , trained in posture and coordinated movement , and wedded to rhythm , they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest .
American audiences in particular learned two valuable lessons .
They saw completely masculine and obviously virile men performing with incredible grace .
They were further stripped of old wive's tales by seeing the slender , lovely Russian girls performing feats requiring tremendous strength and with not one bulging muscle .
If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead .
There should be youngsters who know how to do a headstand , and also how to help other children learn it .
They should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught .
Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility .
Very little in today's living provides the strength we need and nothing provides the flexibility .
They often fail , however , to develop real abdominal , back , chest , shoulder and arm strength .
Ask any group of ballerinas to do ten push-ups or three chin-ups and the results , considering the amount of physical training they have had , will be very disappointing .
Even the boys will not be outstanding in these areas .
This isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the 11-year-old boys in America cannot chin themselves once , and that English school girls outdo them in almost every test ( even dashes and endurance ) .
The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw .
The chinning bar
For arm and shoulder strength a chinning bar is recommended .
Those who are too weak , should climb on the chair and , starting at the top of the chin , let themselves slowly down .
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home .
The horse kick
Arm , shoulder , chest , upper and lower back strength will be aided with the Horse kick .
Push-ups are essential , but few have the strength for them at first .
Start by falling forward to a point close to the feet , and , as strength improves , fall farther and farther out .
Try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands .
Let the body down slowly , taking at least five seconds for the letting down .
Five of these done daily for about a week will develop the strength for one push-up .
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help .
Drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back .
The right will land first , followed by the left .
Care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible .
This will prevent flat falls and toe injuries .
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg .
Place flat palms on either side of the head a few inches away from the ears , fingers pointing toward the shoulders .
As flexibility improves , the feet will move closer to the hands and the bridge rise higher .
Back circle
Place the hands in front of the chest .
Straighten the arms slowly , this arches the back .
At the peak of the arch , tip the head back and bend the knees in an effort to touch toes to head .
Somersaults
For most small children , learning a forward roll is simply a matter of copying another child who can .
If , however , the child is weak , overweight , or afraid , more help will be needed .
When the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis ; ;
By lifting the seat upwards a little , the weight is taken off the neck and the back is kept rounded .
These are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) .
Even if gymnastics are not the ultimate goal , the good tumbler will be a better dancer , a better athlete , and a human being with a greater margin of safety in any activity .
And dancing school , so helpful in artistic and psychological development , also contributes to this essential early training -- and can contribute even more .
The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality .
The benefits electronics can bring to bio-medicine may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery .
We use the term `` bio-medicine '' because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research .
Electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such familiar equipment as the x-ray machine , the electrocardiograph , and the diathermy machine .
Recently many doctors have installed ultrasonic vibration machines for deep massage of bruises , contusions , and simple bursitis .
Commonly used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are closed-circuit TV and audio systems for internal paging and instruction , along with radiation counters , timers , and similar devices .
From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .
A completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a color-TV system to view the results .
Three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources .
the specimen is magnified by the microscope .
Instead of the observer's eye the image orthicon in the TV camera does the `` looking '' .
The microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum , which means that all lenses must be quartz .
The video signal is amplified and then switched , in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength , corresponding to red , green , or blue , is seen .
Three separate amplifiers then drive a 21-inch tricolor tube .
Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum .
Different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or reflect different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color .
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail .
The medical title of `` Lobar Ventilation In Man '' by Drs. C. J. Martin and A. C. Young , covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process .
From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .
For many of these measurements the chest must be opened , but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain undisturbed .
Sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal transducers at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some pulsed ultrasonic energy .
A sonar or radar-type of pulse generator and time-delay measuring system is required for body-tissue evaluation .
The Doppler effect , using ultrasonic signals , can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel .
A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself .
It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself .
Radio-transmitter pills
This original capsule contained a battery and a transistor oscillator and was about 1 cm. in diameter .
A refinement of this technique has been described by Drs. Zworykin and Farrar and Mr. Berkely of the Medical Electronics Center of the Rockefeller Institute .
One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions .
Our readers are familiar with the principles of sonar where sound waves are sent out in water and the echoes then indicate submerged objects .
In medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar .
Because the body contains so much liquid , transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels .
Bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals .
The method used to scan the eye ultrasonically is illustrated in Fig. 6 .
The transducer is coupled to the body through a water bath , not shown .
For display , Dr. Baum uses a portion of an Af , an airborne radar indicator , and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record .
The transducer itself moves the beam in a sector scan , just like a radar antenna , while the entire transducer structure is moved over a 90-degree arc in front of the eye to `` look into '' all corners .
Drs. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results .
By submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on , they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck , as shown in Fig. 7 , as well as many other hitherto impossible insights .
He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south-central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 .
his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish .
Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum .
The mayor of the town taught them English and French .
So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; ;
I lived in this onward-driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' .
He openly proclaimed his pleasure in lecturing and writing about science .
He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices .
The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and Tieck .
From Gottingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism .
Oersted remodeled Ritter's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut De France for its annual prize of 3,000 francs .
The sound discoveries of this quixotic genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him .
Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon .
This we might well witness '' .
Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it .
In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead .
Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' .
The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level .
but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference .
There , forces are more latent than in electricity , and less than in magnetism .
It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb .
Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions .
He continued as a popular lecturer .
In 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to Bornholm , one of the Danish islands , being one of three scientists in the expedition .
Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents .
the association between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades .
The resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise .
The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 .
This article assumes that the rations you are feeding your beef , dairy cattle , and sheep are adequately balanced with protein , vitamins , and minerals .
This indicates that this drug is being marketed under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag .
drug's chemical name :
For the treatment of bacterial scours , feed 100-200 grams .
-- As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat , provide 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily .
For the best results , feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding shipment and/or 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed lot .
For treatment of shipping fever , this level should be fed at the onset of the disease symptoms until symptoms disappear .
Sheep
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 20 grams per ton .
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton .
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug .
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day .
For prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such as shipping , excessive handling , vaccination , extreme weather conditions : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only .
-- As an aid in reducing losses due to enterotoxemia ( overeating disease ) , feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton .
To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily .
Aids in minimizing the occurrence of feed-lot bloat due to high consumption of concentrates .
Sheep and lambs
-- 1.0 gram premix per head per day for promoting growth , feed conversion , and getting lambs on full feed earlier .
The drug is also incorporated in supplements .
These are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams DES per head daily .
The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained .
Caution :
Improves growth rate and feed efficiency of fattening beef animals .
At the rate of 2-1/2 milligrams per head per day .
Drug elevates the metabolic rate of the cow .
Cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs .
Bacterial and fungal enzymes .
( These enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis , Apergillus orzae , Niger , and Flavus .
) what it does :
How to feed :
Greatest benefits have been associated with feeding low-moisture corn in beef-feeding programs .
Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers .
Ronnel .
What it does :
Drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days .
Caution :
How to feed :
Phenothiazine .
Reduces losses from stomach , hookworm , and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile .
beef calves -- to 1.5 grams daily depending on weight of animal .
Caution :
Drug's chemical name :
What it does :
How to feed :
How to feed :
For the treatment of ketosis feed 1/4 to 1/2 pound per day for 10 days .
Sulfaquinoxaline .
Helps control shipping dysentery and coccidiosis in lambs .
Stimulates rumen activity .
Incorporated in commercially prepared feed at proper levels .
Prevents and treats acetonemia ( ketosis ) in dairy cows .
How to feed :
For prevention of ketosis , feed 1/4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time .
For treatment of ketosis , feed 1/2 pound daily until symptoms disappear .
Caution :
( 3 ) Special bunks -- as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides .
The selection of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation , cost of materials available locally , and your own preference .
These bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence .
Filling these bunks by the same self-unloading wagons used to fill silos spreads cost of the wagons over more time and operations .
Companies of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and efficiencies -- in modern equipment and new processes , enlarged R & D facilities , faster new product development .
Many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling , distribution , and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge .
Based on our experience with clients , , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management .
1 .
Problems in the market
greater price-consciousness .
First , most products tend to become more complex .
Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations .
In spending his money today , the consumer is pulled in many directions .
To the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product -- the purchase of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely -- the implications are important .
Your competition is now proportionately greater -- you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products .
Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer's dollar being spent on their particular products .
Has your company thought through its strategy in this whole `` discretionary buying '' area ? ?
2 .
Problems in marketing methods
more private label competition .
Salesmanship is still necessary , but it's a different brand of salesmanship .
Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing ? ?
Are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers ? ?
No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved .
The use of bulk handling is continuously growing .
Computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels .
Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job .
Higher costs of advertising and promotion .
From the manufacturer's point of view , the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties .
It is accentuated by the need for pre-selling goods , and private label competition .
How much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program ? ?
Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon .
As markets become larger and marketing more complex , the costs of an error become progressively larger .
Is your R & D or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market ? ?
Technical knowledge is a wonderful thing , but it's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash register .
Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; ;
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; ;
3 .
shortage of skilled salesmen .
While many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel , much of it has been product rather than sales training .
Most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements .
Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?
Men qualified for the broader task of marketing manager are even more scarce due to the demanding combination of qualifications called for by this type of management work .
Complexity of complete marketing planning .
Every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning .
`` Hip-pocket '' tactics are going to be harder to apply .
Are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company ? ?
We find too many sales and marketing executives so burdened with detail that they are short-changing planning .
Are annual marketing plans reviewed throughout your management group to get the perspective of all individuals and get everyone on the marketing team ? ?
Do you have a long-term ( 5- or 10-yr. ) marketing program ? ?
The key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company's marketing problems realistically .
The element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural certification , however , would demand a prolonged study of structure .
This would , naturally , lengthen their courses far beyond the largely esthetic demands of interior designer's training .
We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject .
The suggested course of the A.I.D. was based on the usual course offered and on the opinion of many educators as to curricular necessities .
Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated .
`` The Dictionary Of Occupational Titles '' published by the U. S. Department of Labor describes him as follows : `` Designs , plans and furnishes interiors of houses , commercial and institutional structures , hotels , clubs , ships , theaters , as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television .
In addition to this the U. S. Civil Service Bureau , when examining applicants for government positions as interior designers , expects that `` when various needed objects are not obtainable on the market he will design them .
The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations .
Yet even here many a problem is presented ; ;
no description of the client or his cultural level , no assertion of geographical area or local social necessities -- simply `` a luxury apartment '' .
Working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and catalogs and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design .
It is possible , of course , to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get `` the feel '' of real interior design demands .
Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience .
Consultation with architects , clients , real estate men , fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work .
Even the `` history of furniture '' can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern slides .
The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work .
Not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations , but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject .
This anomalous status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students .
That is in the continuance of the `` grandfather clauses '' in their membership requirements .
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today .
The reason and the day of `` grandfather clauses '' has long since passed .
Beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves .
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students .
The local decorator who rushes in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications .
Nor will the hack , the Jack-of-all-trades , still found in some of the smaller art schools , suffice .
Only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design .
Considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture , furniture design , textiles and color is also desirable .
In all `` degree '' courses in interior design a number of `` academic '' or `` general studies '' courses are included .
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account .
Most professors in the course must , naturally , again have a higher degree than the course offers .
One solution is the aquisition of degrees in education but it is a poor substitute .
It has been the custom for most universities to stretch the blanket of accreditation for their liberal arts school to cover the shivering body of their fine arts department .
There will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the `` National Association of Schools of Art '' .
How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? ?
Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ?
What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? ?
Is it reaching these goals ? ?
Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? ?
Is your purchasing agent offering too much free-buying service for employees ? ?
When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents-per-hour cost in wages .
Insurance
Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and/or industrial patterns ? ?
Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? ?
Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24-hour-day , 7-day-week operations in order to minimize overtime ? ?
What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second- and third-shift operations ? ?
Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? ?
Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ?
Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? ?
Could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? ?
Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? ?
Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? ?
Are you underwriting expensive team trips ? ?
Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? ?
If you provide inter-plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? ?
How efficient and necessary are your intra-company vehicles ? ?
Can they be re-scheduled ? ?
Paid vacations
Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? ?
What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? ?
What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? ?
Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? ?
If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee-per-case basis only ? ?
Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? ?
A program to fit your needs
But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider .
How old is your working force ? ?
What's your profit margin ? ?
Are you in a rural or urban area ? ?
These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program .
Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time .
They're asking for union trouble .
Some companies find a little imagination helpful .
M & R Dietetic Laboratories , Inc. , Columbus , gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook -- each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe .
Insurance
You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions .
Also , beware of open-end policies , especially in the medical field .
This will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner .
Put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefits .
Don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death .
Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement .
Special time off
Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral .
Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time .
If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group .
Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee .
Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers .
Retirement policies
Make sure you have minimum age and time-on-the-job requirements tied into your pension plan .
Younger men usually don't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they're liable to change jobs several times before settling down .
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to .
Holidays
Make sure you don't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working .
These include : leaves of absences , illnesses , and layoffs .
For example , the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's birthday .
This cuts the absentee rate .
Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias .
You'll take the rap .
Check your cafeteria location to make sure it's convenient for most employees .
Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation .
The long and ever-increasing column of sportsmen is now moving into a new era .
The early years of the twentieth century seem very far away .
Sporting firearms change , markedly for the better .
Just as modern transportation has outmoded the early Studebaker covered wagon , the demand of today's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment .
Unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states , on shooting preserves ( one of the newer phases of modern game-management ) for five and six months each year .
Close to two million game birds were harvested on 1,500 commercial and private shooting preserves , and on State Game Commission-controlled upland game areas during the 1960-61 season .
Following the kick-off of SAAMI's shooting development program in 1954 , a most interesting meeting took place in Washington , D.C. .
The group known as the American Association for Health , , Physical Education , and Recreation ( a division of the National Education Association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association , SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers .
This meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project .
The Outdoor Education Project took cognizance of the fact , so often overlooked , that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life .
The various team sports assuredly have their place in every school , and they are important to proper physical development .
Following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by OEP director Dr. Julian Smith , today thousands of secondary schools , colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs .
Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education .
In 1959 SAAMI's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports .
SAAMI's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young Americans .
The American gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association .
Since SAAMI's conception in 1926 , and more specifically since the adoption of the Shooting Development Program in 1954 , millions of dollars and promotional man-hours have gone into the development of more places to shoot for more youths and adults .
Are you getting top dollar from the shooting sports ? ?
Is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons ? ?
We were camping a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of pirates , seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks .
There were umbrella tents , wall tents , cottage tents , station wagon tents , pup tents , Pop tents , Baker tents , tents with exterior frames , camper trailers , travel trailers , and even a few surplus parachutes serving as sunshades over entire family camps .
No one knows where it will stop .
You read various guesses on how many Americans are camping .
The figures range as high as 15 million families .
Harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with .
They are struggling to meet the demand for camping space , but families are being turned away , especially on holiday weekends .
The National Parks , always popular camping places , are facing the same pressure .
The National Park Service hopes by 1966 to have 30,000 campsites available for 100,000 campers a day -- almost twice what there are at present .
But the campers still come .
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits .
They come prepared for family fun because Americans in ever-growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance .
There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds .
The more people learn about their country , the more they want to learn .
But make no mistake about it , the first reason people turn to camping is one of economy .
Here is the promise of a vacation trip they can afford .
The automobile expenses are about the only vacationing cost they can't either eliminate or pare down drastically by camping along the way .
Long weekends enable many to get away from home for three or four days several times a year .
It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they're buying the comforts of home .
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences .
But it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become .
Today's campers want comforts , and they have them .
Camp meals are no great problem .
This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology .
The remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates .
But the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer .
forcing them into management can only create trouble .
The old shop adage still holds : `` A good mechanic is usually a bad boss '' .
As several recent books have over-emphasized , we have become the most status-conscious nation in the world .
Even the college professor in America has been affected .
It is , as one engineer says , `` indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills .
This difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course .
This leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people '' .
Nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers .
First : what title , what setup ? ?
Among the more familiar plans for dual-channel advancement is that of General Electric .
It is common to shift back and forth , working up through a number of supervisory and individual-contributor positions .
Also , moving into a managerial position does not necessarily end a man's recognition as a technical expert .
As examples at GE : Glen B. Warren , formerly manager of the Turbine Division , widely recognized as a turbine designer .
The late W. R. G. Baker , a pioneer in television design and long-time vp & gm of the Electronics Division , and later , by his own choice , an individual consultant .
Harold E. Strang , expert in switchgear design , for a long period vp & gm of the Measurements & Industrial Products Division , and who currently , approaching retirement , is vice-president and consulting engineer in the Switchgear & Control Division .
In the GE plan , a number of individual contributors have positions and compensation higher than those of many managers .
These positions carry such titles as :
Consultant , Advanced Development
Another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is , as one man says it : `` that the fad for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach '' .
Senior staff engineer ? ?
One company instituted , early in 1959 , a vertical classification system consisting of four levels .
There is no formal equivalence to the supervisory ranks ; ;
The expectation is that first-level supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level , with very few coming from the first level .
The company expects to extend upward both compensation and status for non-supervisory engineers , but probably not into executive levels .
`` We have over 20 divisions -- each of which has an engineering department headed by a chief engineer .
We have set up a central R & D department , as well as engineering-management departments -- about 80 people working on problems related to those of our plants .
A separate research department is , of course , confined to new or future designs .
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions .
These men are considered managers of engineers .
They must learn to wear several hats , so to speak , working with management , sales and engineering problems related to the product .
The only ' fellows ' in our company are those who have been honored by ASME , AIEE or AIChE .
The latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the engineering-management side .
`` .
Approximately four years ago , we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons .
This approach has not been entirely satisfactory .
The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society .
and although we have attempted to provide these status symbols , support of the ' dual-ladder ' plan has been half-hearted despite the creation of a salary potential for a research scientist commensurate with that of men in top managerial positions .
With no set standards , there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance .
`` We have two approaches for the technical man : the position of staff engineer , which is rated as high in salary as department manager ; ;
These are only halfway measures , and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry to progress without limit in salary and prestige '' .
`` We have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan .
The highest rated non-supervisory engineering title is ' research engineer .
Above this point there is no generally used parallel ladder .
`` We also do a number of things to build up the prestige of the engineer as a ' professional ' and also to give public recognition to individual technical competence .
These include encouragement of , and assistance to , the engineer in preparation and publication of technical papers .
`` A recent , and more pertinent action , has been the establishment of a technical staff reporting to the vice-president for Engineering .
This function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title , member of the technical staff .
All scientific staff members will have the title , ' research-staff member .
The salary level of an individual within the group will reflect the scientific community's acceptance of him as an authority in his scientific field .
Vice-president is Louis Berkman and the secretary-treasurer is Mark Ritter .
The idea of a central tank with lines to each house is not in itself a novelty .
This has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the tenants over the fact that the oil was not metered .
Common complaints included `` Mrs. Murphy '' leaving her windows open all the time , a fresh air fan , or the family was visiting `` Aunt Minnie '' with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil .
Called a `` Slo-Flo '' meter it was designed for this job by Power Plus Industries of Los Angeles , a key individual being Don Nelson .
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern , principal heating states .
These have to do with property rights , municipal official attitudes and a host of others .
To overcome this , the builder lays and completes the street himself , then deeds it to the community while retaining a perpetual easement for the oil lines .
This first test is being leased for ten years but future projects will require at least 15 years .
The amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes , is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties .
The supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads , so as to maintain two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies .
However , that is not all he has to do .
In the present project the heating is by circulating hot water from Paragon boiler-burner units with summer-winter domestic hot water hookups .
For this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local fueloil distributor .
For a few details of the system the lines are 1-1/4'' '' X-Tru-Coat , a product of Republic Steel Corp. , and all lines are welded .
They are laid a minimum of 24'' '' deep and in some areas four feet down , particularly under roads , to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy trucking .
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour .
It may also work in one other way -- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters , letting the oil company or even the builder install the facilities .
Only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the editor's visit on June 8th ; ;
Every year about this time National Gargle Your Cooling System week rolls around .
It pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care of the water works .
Do it this way for the summer gargle :
Pitch it out .
If a lot of rust shows in the drain , use a good flushing cleaner .
Of course , you'll want to use the softest water you can in your radiators .
Next , run the engine and let it heat up so the thermostat opens , and then look for leaks again .
Use the air hose for this job .
Check the temperature gage and be sure it is working .
If you use one of the new year-round cooling system fluids such as `` Dowguard '' be sure to check it .
Dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years .
Take precautions now , to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer .
Don't let your mechanics pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours .
Have a talk with your insurance agent .
Duplicate coverage .
Does your policy have a lay-up clause ? ?
This applies to repair work of winter storage .
The figure five is important in insurance .
Discounts run up to 2% of cost .
For example : If your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250 , a 25% premium saving is often made .
The importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry , however , is not in terms of volume alone .
Designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries .
and the reverse-surface decorating techniques now used for escutcheons , medallions , etc. , owes much to the field , as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics .
Evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as Advance Neon Sign Co. , Los Angeles , Calif. .
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive .
Aggregate sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million .
Why the trend to plastics ? ?
Plastics combine such properties as built-in color , light weight , optional transparency or translucency , resistance to corrosion , as well as the ease of fabrication .
According to one major producer , materials for a typical plastic sign are approximately 25% less costly than for a comparable neon unit .
The weight advantage , plus greater durability of the plastic unit , yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping .
3 .
They offer exceptional design freedom , making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer .
Pre-decoration , low-cost molds , and the freedom to form large and small , thick and thin materials make plastics tailor-made for the industry .
Internal illumination , protected from the elements , gives them powerful visual appeal at night ; ;
5 .
Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques , ranging from injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs .
( See panel , p. 166 , for a comparison .
Sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass , is impervious to all kinds of weather , and will not yellow .
Its high impact strength , even at low temperatures , resists chipping , cracking , and crazing , according to Du Pont .
New to the field is a duplex type butyrate laminate in which the two sheets of the laminate are of different color .
Thermoforming the laminate and then sanding away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a two-color sign .
( see MPl , Mar. 1961 , p. 98 ) .
For specialized types of displays , such as large three-dimensional units reproducing a product , package , human or animal figures , etc. , reinforced plastics and rotationally molded vinyl plastisols are other materials frequently used .
A relative newcomer in outdoor signs is Mylar polyester film , now used as a printed overlay for trans-illuminated signs ( see below ) .
Here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene .
Trans-illuminated billboards
One of the most significant advancements in design of plastics signs is the so-called trans-illuminated billboard , now being produced by several large sign manufacturers such as Advance Neon Sign Co. , Los Angeles , and Industrial Electric Inc. , New Orleans , La. .
The essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing billboards is that the former , constructed of translucent plastic panels , are lighted from within .
Spare sets of face panels simplify the change from one copy or message to another ; ;
new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip .
Signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities , and others are on the way .
Trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions .
Thus the film can be applied to back-lighted translucent plastics faces ; ;
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts , or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces .
In this way , the sign maker has an economical means for displaying uniform copy on different sign media .
Recently Industrial Electric unveiled another new development made possible by modern plastic materials -- a revolving spectacular sign .
Comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections , it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit .
Perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field -- changeable signs .
Poster Products Inc. , Chicago , Ill. : a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors , onto which are mounted snap-in letters , figures , or words screened on acetate or other types of sheet stock .
The Adaptaplex Co. , Beaverton , Ore. : letters molded of butyrate , available in several sizes in either red or black .
For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques .
The fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb. each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle brackets cemented to the letters .
Stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains .
Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations .
Wagner Sign Service Inc. , Chicago , for example , supplies them in several colors , in heights of 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 17 inches .
Also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars , extruded of transparent acrylic material , which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material .
The sheets are extruded of Tenite butyrate by Jet Specialties Co. , Los Angeles , Calif. .
New rule no. 2 : :
.
Don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances .
It's a lot quicker and easier to dimension the kitchen to fit the cabinets and erect the end wall after they are all in place .
Don't close in your house until everything has been carried in .
Last wall Bob Schmitt erects is the wall between the house and garage .
That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof .
And trailer makers , those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of homebuilders , say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out .
This revolution is the biggest build-better-for-less news of all , because : 1 .
It makes it easy to handle much heavier units , so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated components like those shown in the pictures alongside .
3 .
It changes the answers on when to do what at the site .
For example , instead of putting in your driveways last ( as many builders do ) you can now save money by putting them in first .
Not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by `` buying direct '' and short-cutting the dealer .
But now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by teaming up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed -- drywall inside the house , siding along the sides , trusses on the walls , roofing on the roof , etc. .
Five years ago a House & Home Round Table cosponsored by the Lumber Dealers' Research Council reported unhappily :
only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit loads .
Before that we lumber dealers were working almost single-handed on the problem '' .
Here is where things stand today :
Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized .
2 .
Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units palletized or unitized for mechanical handling -- including lumber , asphalt shingles , glass block , face brick , plaster , lime , hardboard , gypsum wallboard and sheathing , cement , insulation sheathing , floor tile , acoustical tile , plaster base , and asbestos shingles .
Truck and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need .
For some significant new items see the pictures .
4 .
an NLRDA survey found that at least 492 lumber mills will strap their shipments for mechanized handling .
Of these , 376 said they make no extra charge for strapping in standard units , because they save enough on mechanized carloading to offset their strapping cost .
Most of the others will swallow their $.50 to $3 charge rather than lose a good customer .
`` With a 15,500-lb. fork-lift , dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for $.30/mbf compared with $1.65 or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time '' , says James Wright of Aj .
These units make it easy to load as much as 48,000 bd/ft ( say 120,000 lb in a 50' box car ) much more than the average for loose-loaded cars .
More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6-B floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf .
This costs from $.75 to $2.30/mbf , but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open .
The reason : today's components and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a truckdriver and a helper .
It cuts the lumber dealer's cost because it takes only one man -- the driver -- to unload it , and because it unloads in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading .
And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' .
New rule no. 4 : :
Restudy what your men do , to help them waste less of the time you pay for
Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right , so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time , or the right materials were not delivered to the handiest spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection , or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit , or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip .
Already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation manhours from 170 to 105 by eliminating idle time and wasted motion .
One good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew .
We found that wherever you can use two teams on a job , five men , not four , is the magic number '' .
No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled .
Don't waste any $.10-a-minute time on green lumber to save $.03 a stud
This is the most penny-wise , pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit .
Green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster , when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the gypsum .
If you've travelled in Europe a time or two , it is quite certain that you've had that wanting-to-be-alone feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the Atlantic .
Time stands still as you climb the narrow , stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns , perched atop lofty crags , their faces turned to the sea .
And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean ? ?
You can wait , of course , until you arrive in Europe before renting your car .
Since charges are relatively the same , reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it .
A valid American driving license is accepted in all countries except Portugal , Spain , Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe .
As in the United States , there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven , and the per-day rate drops if the car is retained for a week .
With the exception of the sports cars , even the quite tiny sedans will seat four passengers if you are willing to sacrifice comfort and luggage space for really economical transportation .
There is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries , however , including 6-passenger sedans and station wagons and the rental fee isn't all that much greater than for the wee sedans .
There is the free intra-city `` rent it here , leave it there '' service , as an example , the free delivery and collection at the airport , dockside or your hotel , luggage racks , touring documents and information and other similar services .
A little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional money-saving benefits .
If you would like to start your tour in Italy , where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe , Fiats in all sizes are available , as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models .
If you will be using your car more than fifteen days , which isn't all unlikely , the daily rates drop quite sharply to $.86 a day for the Fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal $.30 a day for the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon .
With six in the group , the cost comes to just a nickel a day per person on the daily fee .
The variations are not too great .
Rates for American cars are somewhat higher , ranging from about $8.00 a day up to $14.00 a day for a Chevrolet Convertible , but the rate per kilometer driven is roughly the same as for the larger European models .
If you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month , it might be wise for you to lease a car .
The actual over-all cost , for the first month , will perhaps not be too much lower than the rental charges for the same period of time , but you will receive a new car .
You will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner , which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe .
Further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip .
After the first month , rates are considerably less , averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models .
Then , too , European drivers have reputations for being somewhat crazy on the road and some Americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them .
Still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car .
Your chauffeur's expenses will average between $7.00 to $12.00 a day , but this charge is the same whether you rent a 7-passenger Cadillac limousine or a 4-passenger Peugeot or Fiat 1800 .
The fees for the rental of chauffeur-driven cars vary in the different countries in the same manner as they do for the drive-yourself cars .
This will include your helpful , English-speaking chauffeur and a drive of an average of 150 kilometers in any one day .
If you drive greater distances than that , you'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the enchantment , fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the hinterlands .
The way MacArthur said his line -- if you had the recorded transcript of a professional linguist -- would probably have gone like this : Af Primary stresses on emeralds and wish ; ;
At this point , unfortunately , romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture ; ;
but communication , no .
It was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might encounter in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' .
To the trained ear of the linguist , talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the talker -- such things as geographical origin and/or history , socio-economic identity , education .
This , for obvious reasons , makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview , so useful , in fact , that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy .
For example , if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person , there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother .
Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : Af Note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ;
Even less regard for mom and mom's apple pie goes with : Af In other words , the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated .
And while the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered , the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely impaired .
An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp .
At a minimum , recording -- usually on tape , which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists .
By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews , they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist .
It flags such possible breakdowns of communication as rehearsed dialogue , the note of disapproval , ambivalence or ambiguity , annoyance , resentment , and the disinclination to speak at all -- this last often marked by a fade-in beginning of sentences .
His esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties , making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient .
The patient , on the other hand , is far from neutral ; ;
The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence ; ;
The phrase , `` emotional death '' , interesting and , to a non-scientific mind , rather touching , suggests that this woman may have some flair for words , perhaps even something of the temperament regrettably called `` creative '' .
His own communication apparatus operated superbly , and Lillian Ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted , monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr. Blauberman .
Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen .
What he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved .
Some of the classic indicators , as described by Drs. Pittenger , Hockett , and Danehy in The First Five Minutes , are these : ambiguity of pronouns :
Stammering or repetition of I , you , he , she , et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty .
On the other hand significant facts may be concealed -- she may mean I or everybody , as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before , may refer to a specific person .
The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used ; ;
therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives .
) Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden , in Durrell's Alexandria Quartet , stammered when he spoke of his wife , which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship .
She was the John Harvey , one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans , bombs , and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force , to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943 .
The John Harvey arrived in Bari , a port on the Adriatic , on November 28th , making for Porto Nuovo , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor .
Hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off Berth 29 on the mole .
It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the John Harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront .
For in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud , poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons .
Throughout the early years of World War 2 , , reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas -- Germany in Russia , Japan in China again .
They were always denied .
Influential people in America were warning the Pentagon to be prepared against desperation gas attacks by the Germans in future campaigns .
Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first .
I have been loath to believe that any nation , even our present enemies , could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons .
`` Use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind .
This country has not used them , and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them .
I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies '' .
So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey .
Only a few other people -- very important people -- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks .
Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari .
Capt. A. B. Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried .
On November 24th , they had made a raid on La Maddalena .
Two days later , some 30 of them had struck at a convoy off Bougie , sinking a troopship -- and it had been that very night that the Me-210 had made its first appearance .
But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist .
More than that , Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Army's sector .
For Jenks knew that Bari's defenses were made of paper .
The Royal Air Force had but a single light anti-aircraft squadron and two balloon units available .
And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command .
We can't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia , either .
Vesole had been stunned .
He thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head .
There were lights glinting in the city , too , even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible .
For five days now , they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold .
They seemed happy at the delay in unloading , glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as Bari .
Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already .
Then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver , and he glanced upward .
But he had mistaken it for bugs .
Captain Musmanno's renovated schooner with the flamboyant name Unsinkable had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentine's civilian population .
At exactly 7:30 , he felt a fluttering object brush his face .
It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating .
But how could -- ? ?
Another , longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth .
It was not candy wrapping .
`` Fermate '' ! !
`` Stop ! !
Stop the engines '' ! !
They had winged over the Adriatic , they had taken Bari by complete surprise and now they were battering her , attacking with deadly skill .
They had ruined the radar warning system with their window , they had made themselves invisible above their flares .
In that interval , the German bombers made a hell of Bari harbor .
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss .
They got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their schooner went under .
Most of the Junkers were above the blinding light of the flares , and the radar-controlled shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs .
Vesole rushed from gun to gun , attempting to direct fire .
He was wounded , but fought on .
Bishop rushed on deck to grab a 20-mm gun , pumping out 400 rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into Holds One , Three and Five .
Luckily , she was not completely aflame and would go down before the gasoline could erupt .
I can't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !
Emerson , in his lecture , refers to the `` startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight , that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before , whether dreaming or waking , a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room , and heard precisely this dialogue , at some former hour , they know not when '' .
One day Maeterlinck , coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream , detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified .
Rudyard Kipling's scorn for the `` jargon '' of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered `` how , or why , had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film '' ? ?
One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in Westminster Abbey his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left , his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone , clasping him by the arm , whispered , `` I want a word with you , please '' .
However , readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 : :
And when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind .
Is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie ? ?
Every dream , and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought , is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available .
A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension .
As in the theory of perception , established in psycho-physiology , the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain .
As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location .
Hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness .
If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical , through what medium does it extend ? ?
The body , senses and brain , in common with all matter , have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies .
The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency , whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible , inaudible and intactible to them .
When consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world , it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future , in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep .
He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite , and imagined it must have been German or English .
No doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the sleeper's mind .
If Depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past , he would have been informed that he was a victim of deja vue .
`` The food is wonderful and it is a lot of fun to be here '' ! !
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good .
The Director , Walter E. Clark , believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare .
In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques .
Where a growing season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , quick-drying and subject to erosion , many farmers fail .
Throughout the Adirondack region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear ghostly testimony that their owners met defeat .
Mr. Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides , plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil .
He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains .
Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity .
Soon after the method changed , visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist , when in reality , it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this .
Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' .
No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used '' .
The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter ; ;
There is never enough corn , peas or strawberries .
`` After the soil , the kitchen '' , says Mr. Clark .
`` Adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push '' .
At first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves .
Homemade bread
Mrs. Clark , as house manager , planned the menus and cared for the ordering .
Then Miss Lillian Colman came from Vermont to be kitchen manager .
Today whole grains are freshly ground every day and baked into bread .
Once the grains are ground , vitamin E begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week .
A mill stands in a room off the kitchen .
The bread baked from this mixture is light in color and fragrant in aroma .
The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years , though at one time that was all they ever served .
When the chance came , they first eliminated cold cereal once a week , then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day .
When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal .
Body-building foods
Sprouted grains and seeds are used in salads and dishes such as chop suey .
Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver , tongue and heart are planned once a week .
Most other desserts are fruit in some form , fresh fruits once daily at least , sometimes at snack time .
Sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways .
Following a talk by Mr. Clark at the New York State Natural Food Associates Convention , a man from the audience offered to ship his unsprayed apples to the school from Vermont .
Drinking with meals is also discouraged ; ;
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables .
On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains , the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail .
They learn to like these so well that it isn't surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time .
They tasted good to him , so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey .
Candy is not allowed .
Soup is often the important dish at supper .
Outdoor exercises
Rugged outdoor exercise for an hour and a half every day in all kinds of weather was the rule .
Visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the children's hair to bring out the sheen .
The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment .
He thought .
And in the dark days after the Great Flood of 1927 -- the worst natural disaster in the state's history -- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the United States mails .
The question was `` Where to land '' ? ?
The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street , a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions .
Over in Barre the streets had been deep in swirling water , and bridges were crumpled and gone .
Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane , Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry , Vermont National Guard , laid out runways on Wilson flat , high on Millstone Hill .
The `` Barre Aviation Field '' was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood .
It seemed like a good time for officials to use a recently-passed law empowering the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air .
Piloting a Curtiss Navy MF flying boat off Lake Winnipesaukee in 1925 , he had inaugurated the original Rural Delivery air service in America .
The ship was a Waco biplane , one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled , 225/hp Wright radial engine known as the Whirlwind .
A trim green and silver-painted craft only 22-1/2 feet long , the Waco was entered to compete in the `` On-to-Spokane '' Air Derby of 1927 .
So with all this experience , Bob Fogg was a natural choice to receive the first Emergency Air Mail Star Route contract .
Each time in , the unhappy pilot , pushing his luck , begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place , preferably on the flat-topped hills across the Winooski River .
After a week of precarious uphill landings and downwind takeoffs , Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow wreckage of an Army plane strewn across snow-covered Towne field .
A long flat known as the St. John field seemed to answer their purpose , and since the Winooski bridges were at last passable , they decided to use it .
As a wind direction indicator , they tied a cotton rag to a sapling .
During the second week of operations , Fogg received a telegram from the Post Office Department , asking him to `` put on two airplanes and make two flights daily , plus one Sunday trip '' .
Since Fogg's was a one-man , one-plane flying service , this meant that he would have to do both trips , flying alone 600 miles a day , under sub-freezing temperature conditions .
Each morning at five Fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home .
Always troubled by poor circulation in his feet , he experimented with various combinations of socks and shoes before finally adopting old-style felt farmer's boots with his sheepskin flying boots pulled over them .
A sheep-lined leather flying suit , plus helmet , goggles and mittens completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit .
As daylight began to show through the frosty windows , Fogg would place a call to William A. Shaw at the U. S. Weather Station at Northfield , Vermont , for temperature and wind-velocity readings .
( He'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover .
) Wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay , Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven , disregarding rain , snow and sleet in true postal tradition .
Concord learned to set its clocks by the rackety bark of the Whirlwind's exhaust overhead .
The flyer had his share of near-misses .
One afternoon during a cold , powdery snowstorm , Fogg took off for Concord from the St. John field .
Yes , retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly .
Compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon .
So , now what ? ?
Oh sure ! !
You've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way .
But ! !
never seemed as if it could happen to you ; ;
only to the other fellow .
Now ! !
What am I going to do ? ?
Where do I go from here ? ?
A great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers .
Are you one of these ? ?
Also you can spell , without consulting a dictionary for every other word .
your livelihood .
To put it bluntly , you are getting out-moded .
The Planning Dept. comes into existence .
All sorts of plans come to life .
Yes sir ! !
When a plan burst its seams , hasty conferences supply the necessary patch , and life goes merrily on .
The new way of life ! !
Well , to get back to the problem of retirement .
Every retiring person has a different situation facing him .
Some are blest with an abundance of good health -- some are in poor health and many are invalids .
You can sit back and moan and bewail your lot .
You can do this .
But , if you do , your life will be just one thing -- unhappiness -- complete and unabridged .
Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life .
There are many , many things to do .
If you can't think of a thing to do , try something -- anything .
True ! !
I , frankly , can't draw a straight line .
Anyway , I'll bet you have a lot of fun .
Do you love to run up a hem , sew on buttons , make neat buttonholes ? ?
There is always a market for this line of work .
When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on , or get out the safety pins .
Not for me , but perhaps just the thing for you .
Well ! !
How's about mosaic tile , ceramics or similar arts and crafts ? ?
How about the art of cooking ? ?
Do you yearn to make cakes and pies , or special cookies and candies ? ?
Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood ? ?
Outside of cutting your fingers , maybe you would come up with nothing at all , but then again , you might turn out some dandy little gadgets .
Maybe that's your forte .
This gives you a wide and varied choice .
Will it be short stories , fiction , nonfiction , biography , poetry , children's stories , or even a book if you are really ambitious ? ?
Ever since I was a child , I have always had a yen to try my hand at writing .
This is just being a normal writer .
Just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you will make the grade .
You say , `` But it costs a lot of money to have a hobby .
It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free .
Then , take flowers .
It's getting interested in something that counts .
I just don't have time to do half the things I want to do now .
Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet .
Good Luck ! !
An important criterion of maturity is creativity .
We are creative , it seems , when we produce something which has not previously existed .
Thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake , building a chicken coop , or producing a book , to founding a business , creating a League of Nations or , developing a mature character .
In our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a Jules Verne come into actuality .
We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes , acrobats , dancers , musicians and artists , developing many potentialities .
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy .
Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process ? ?
that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation .
Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance .
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both .
Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place .
If the wedding party lasted late , and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start , the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours .
Ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety , misunderstanding and suspicion .
As might be expected , girls in this situation bleed very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity .
so that the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex relations .
More rarely , the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration .
Obviously , the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation .
Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage .
This recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act .
That is , when first penetration takes place , the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain .
The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological .
Since it is a purely professional situation , none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved .
By using instruments of gradually increasing size , the vagina is gently , and with minimum pain at each stage , taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape .
She learns how to relax them to accept -- instead of contracting them to repel -- the entering object .
The importance of loving tenderness is obvious .
The long , unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels .
The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind .
at least until repeated intercourse has dilated it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making .
In fact , the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon .
The false reasoning is that a gradual advance prolongs the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his virility and grateful for his decisiveness in settling the problem once and for all .
The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her , unconsciously , to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it .
The emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax .
This is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or dishearten either husband or wife .
The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them .
This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered .
Only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse .
Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax , and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid .
Perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions , attitudes , and emotions precipitated by the nude form .
Differences were related to social , economic , and educational backgrounds .
Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions .
Everything else is closed away .
Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship .
It is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act .
The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs .
Of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy .
To many experts , this trend was inevitable .
They consider it simply a sign of our times .
Our society has `` emancipated '' the woman , giving her new independence and new authority .
A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' .
Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous .
`` A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness '' , declares Dr. Calderone .
This opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading psychiatrists , Dr. Maurice E. Linden , director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health .
`` When the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower '' , Dr. Linden says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' .
This woman repeatedly complained she was `` too tired '' for marital relations .
Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed .
Sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage .
Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself , he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area .
Some psychologists , in fact , suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives .
Unless her husband also desires sex , the act cannot be consummated .
After all , the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing , in literature and on the stage , as Dr. Schillinger points out .
Furthermore , Dr. Calderone says , a certain number of docile , retiring men always have been around .
They like to be dominated .
But such cases were , in the past , unusual .
Family survival on our own Western frontier , for example , could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon ; ;
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed .
Some date it from woman suffrage , others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace , still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin .
Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance .
`` Very few wives '' , says Dr. Calderone , `` who balance the checkbook , fix the car , choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen , are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned .
Not surprisingly , Dr. Ellis says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities .
Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion .
If his on-the-job problems work out , he may return to his old pattern .
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up .
On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable .
`` The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' .
Other experts say , however , that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period , it is likely to shake the marriage .
`` To get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps .
He must begin , paradoxically , by becoming more selfish .
He must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' .
She gave herself a title , Lady Diana Harrington .
Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men , there was money , and with the two came luxury and liquor .
She never hid the fact that she liked to play .
)
Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a swank hotel , of course .
It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best .
`` This girl is the Golden Girl of cafe society .
He was the official procurer for King Farouk , now in exile .
`` We have checked her in different parts of Europe and Egypt and finally back into this country .
I am not a prostitute , and I had only one very wealthy boy friend '' , she said .
As she told it , `` He's a rich boy friend , an old guy about 60 '' .
She was Mary Lou Brew then , wide-eyed , but not naive .
She seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke .
An ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as `` Mr. Warfield , the famous producer '' .
The phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows .
One of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel .
In an anonymous interview with a French newspaper the financier told of spending several months with her .
And in short order the croupier had pushed several million francs her way .
The luxury of Paris' most fashionable hotel , the George 5 , , bored the beautifully-built blonde , so she high-tailed it to Rome .
To climax her Roman revels , she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help .
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night .
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental .
`` The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent .
`` They were wearing nothing but their scratches .
No charges were filed '' .
The girls , after dressing , were indignant .
`` We are Americans '' .
In the morning she found rooms directly across from the Excelsior at the equally luxurious Hotel Ambassador .
By this time Diane was a beguiling lass of 19 and still seeking her place in the world .
`` It was a strange relationship .
Pulley Bey spoke no English .
Diane spoke no Italian or French .
It seemed as though she were always auditioning .
No believer in the traditional devotion of royal servitors , the plump Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months , vainly hoping to see Farouk .
Tewfik Badrawi , Mohammed Gaafer and numerous other wealthy members of Cairo society enjoyed her company .
`` So extensive became her circle of admirers '' , Egyptian police said , `` that her escapades caused distrust '' .
The cagey Pulley Bey , who spoke no English , had taken the passport so that Diane couldn't leave the country without his approval .
Officials provided a temporary passport , good only for return to the United States .
And return to the United States she did , into waiting arms -- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorney's office .
Held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of Mickey Jelke , the comely courtesan was unable to raise bail and was committed to the Women's House of Detention , a terribly overcrowded prison .
Newspapers at the time noted that the move indicated that she was co-operating with the District Attorney .
With the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York .
Several years ago she married a Houston business man , Robert Graham .
She later divorced Graham , who is believed to have moved to Bolivia .
The next time the police saw her she was dead .
She had had a party with a regular visitor , Dr. William W. McClellan .
He had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time .
The blonde's nude body was in bed , a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her .
An autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in Diane's body .
`` I think that maybe she wanted it this way '' , a vice squad cop said .
She was on the junk , and they slide fast when that happens .
I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams -- wall-to-wall carpeting .
From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare .
People come to me with confidence .
But I knowingly abuse their confidence .
Franklin D. Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. Claire Shaefer , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , California , several months ago as a prospective patient .
`` Doctor '' Lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes .
She had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble , liver trouble , and a severe female disorder .
Continuing glibly in this vein , he paused to comfort her :
This machine will cure your cancer-ridden body '' .
`` Cancer '' ! !
`` You didn't tell me I had cancer '' .
He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away .
Leaving Lee's office , Mrs. Shaefer hurried over to her family physician , who treated her for burned tissue .
For several days , she was ill as a result of Lee's treatment .
Mrs. Shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid Lee some $30,000 for his ozone machines .
For Mrs. Shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau .
And she felt amply rewarded for her suffering when the evidence of Lee's quack shenanigans , gathered by the tape recorder under her friend's clothing , proved adequate in court for convicting Franklin D. Lee .
The charge : violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs .
The machine quack makes his Rube Goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals , wires , and radio parts .
The gadget faker operates or sells his phony machines for $5 to $10,000 -- anything the traffic will bear .
He may call himself a anaprapath , a physiotherapist , an electrotherapist , a naturopath , a sanipractor , a medical cultist , a masseur , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you .
According to the Food And Drug Administration ( FDA ) , `` Doctor '' Ghadiali , Dr. Albert Abrams and his clique , and Dr. Wilhelm Reich -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded , respectively , in distributing 10,000 , 5000 , and 2000 fake health machines .
Multiply these figures by the millions of people known to be conned by medical pirates annually .
You will come up with a frightening total .
Similarly , the American Cancer Society ( ACS ) , the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation , and the BBB have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high .
Typically , Sarah Gross and Mr. A both lost more than their money as the result of their experiences with their Cleveland quacks .
`` That's a lot of hard-earned money to lose '' , he says today .
`` Neither me nor my wife were helped by that chiropractor's treatments '' .
For instance :
In Chicago , some time ago , Mr. H. , age 27 , a diabetic since he was six , stopped using insulin because he had bought a `` magic spike '' -- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent -- sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $306 as a cure-all .
`` Hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy , and its rays will cure any disease you have '' , said the company .
Mr. H. is dead today because he followed this advice .
Inevitably , Mrs. Hull died of starvation and tuberculosis , weighing 60 pounds .
Moreover , her husband and child contracted T.B. from her .
)
In California , a few years ago , a ghoul by the name of H. F. Bell sold electric blankets as a cure for cancer .
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer .
Death ! !
Have no doubt about it .
Authorities say that oldsters are a prime target .
His grades had gone steadily downhill , and he had stopped bringing friends and classmates home from school .
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart were puzzled and concerned .
The youngsters in the boys' class had nicknamed Dick `` Bugs Bunny '' because his teeth protruded .
How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment ? ?
What is it likely to cost ? ?
One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth .
A chin too prominent in relation to the rest of the face , a thrusting forward of the lower front teeth , an overdeveloped lower jawbone , and an underdeveloped upper jaw indicate the opposite type of malocclusion .
Crooked , overlapping , twisted , or widely spaced teeth .
Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close .
However , this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family .
Tooth deformity may be the result of excessive thumb- or finger-sucking , tongue-thrusting , or lip-sucking -- but it's important to remember that there's a difference between normal and excessive sucking habits .
Malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long .
Some such youngsters rarely smile , or they try to speak with the mouth closed .
In certain cases , as in Dick Stewart's , a child's personality is affected .
Bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots .
Then , too , misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles , increasing the likelihood of rapid decay .
`` For these and other reasons '' , says Dr. Brodie , `` orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth '' .
In the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed , yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy .
Orthodontic work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not rigidly , by a system of peridontal membrane with an involved nerve network , to the bone in the jaw ; ;
they are not anchored directly to the bone .
Abnormal pressure , applied over a period of time , produces a change in the bony deposit , so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided .
If he decides to proceed , he will custom-make for Susie an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs .
During the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment , Susan may have a slight discomfort or soreness , but after a short time this will disappear .
When in place , a well-cemented band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered .
Susie's teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position .
But because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position , a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place .
Then comes the time when the last wire is removed and Susie walks out a healthier and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist .
How long will this take ? ?
Straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months .
An added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct .
What is the cost ? ?
Work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago .
To become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist .
People today are aware of the value of orthodontics , and as a result there are more practitioners in the field .
Dr. Brodie has 30-year records of head growth , started 20 minutes after children's births .
now we know that family characteristics do affect tooth formation to a large extent '' , he says .
This knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment .
For example , a boy may inherit a small jaw from one ancestor and large teeth from another .
`` Nature often takes care of the problem '' , says Dr. Brodie .
That is why Dr. Brodie asks parents not to insist , against their dentist's advice , that their child have orthodontic work done too early .
`` Both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions , some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so .
Let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment '' , he urges .
Plaster of Paris , once utilized in making impressions of teeth , has been replaced by alginates ( gelatin-like material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child .
as a rule , the earlier general dental treatment is started , the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be .
`` Then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year '' .
If a child does lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position , become overcrowded and malformed .
In turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become impacted in them .
From time to time the medium mentions other people `` around him '' , who were `` on the other side '' , and reports what they are saying .
As the hour progresses , the sensitive seems to probe more deeply and to make more personal and specific statements .
There are a few prognoses of coming events .
Another medium , another sitter , would produce a somewhat different content , but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading .
Some mediums speak in practical , down-to-earth terms , while others may stress the spiritual .
Perhaps they are mourning a recent death and want comfort , to feel in touch with the deceased , or seek indications for future plans .
But it is not really only a conversation .
Many a sitter ( in a personal sitting ) has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind .
He himself might not have been really aware of his own mood ; ;
Most striking indeed is this beyond-normal ability to put a finger on `` pre-conscious '' moods and to clarify them .
Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing .
As was noted earlier , it is important that in valid , objective study of this sort of communication , the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive .
Dr. Karlis Osis , Director of Research at the Parapsychology Foundation , described the basis for the experiment in a tomorrow article , ( `` New Research On Survival After Death '' , Spring 1958 ) .
One way to do this is by `` proxy sittings '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute , the proxy sitter .
If the latter knows nothing about the absent sitter except his name ( given by the experimenter ) , he cannot possibly give any clues , conscious or unconscious , far less ask leading questions .
All he can do is to be an objective and careful questioner , seeking to help the sensitive in clarifying and making more specific her paranormal impressions .
He gives this to the medium at the appointed time , and the reading then will be concerned with material about or messages from the communicator .
So this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the medium's ESP and the absent sitter's mind .
It is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield ESP can range .
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him .
One sitter may think `` a leather couch '' identifies a reading as surely directed to him ; ;
To get around this quite difficult corner , there is one first aid to objectiveness : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him .
Or am I taking something that could really apply to almost anybody , and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar experience '' ? ?
`` He had four children , two sets of twins .
He died of typhoid in 1921 '' .
Methods have been developed of assigning `` weights '' to statements ; ;
that is , it is known empirically that names beginning with R are more common than those beginning with Z ; ;
that fewer women are named Miranda than Elizabeth ; ;
In the parapsychology foundation's long-range experiment , readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters , trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements .
It is very important indeed , in the field of extra-sensory perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis , to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself .
That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out .
And there are some positive results , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated .
It is possible to find out in which categories most of her correct statements fall , and where she makes most of her `` hits '' .
Now when , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful categories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best .
Mediumistic impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses .
Or perhaps she hears words or sounds : `` There's such a noise of loud machinery '' , or `` I hear a child crying '' , or `` He says we're all here and glad to see you '' .
Sometimes she displays amazing eidetic imagery and seems to see all details in perspective , as if the scene were actually there .
If communication with an entity on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism .
But this did not necessarily refer to an actual jail ; ;
taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement .
In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained .
One medium saw two sheets flapping on a line and found that the name Shietz was significant to the sitter .
The farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock .
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens .
He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; ;
such a move may mean a loss of capital .
Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of life .
Sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owner's earnings , even into his capital .
Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year .
The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis .
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high .
The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability .
Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost , provided the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs .
It is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health .
Usually , the cost of food and shelter will be somewhat less on the farm and the cost of transportation and utilities somewhat more .
For some white-collar workers it is a welcome change from the regular job , and a physical conditioner .
It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation .
If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale , you'll need more land .
This is a highly speculative venture .
Sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract .
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm .
If you have a year-round , full-time job you can't expect to grow much more than your family uses -- unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help .
As a rule , part-time farmers hire little help .
In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor , compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1 .
List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month .
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one .
Do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time -- only what you are willing to use for farm work .
If you are going to produce for home use only , you will need only hand tools .
If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor ( available for $300 to $500 with attachments , 1960 prices ) .
These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing , particularly on heavier soils , so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing .
If an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed -- such as a spray rig , a combine , or a binder -- it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work .
Before you look for a farm you'll need to know ( 1 ) the kind and scale of farming you want to undertake ; ;
and ( 2 ) whether you want to buy or rent .
--
Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities .
Then if you change jobs you won't necessarily have to sell the farm .
Nearness to markets .
--
Find out whether fire protection , sewage system , gas , water mains , and electrical lines are available in the locality .
You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water .
If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well , find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled .
The following amounts of water are needed per day for livestock and domestic uses .
The house
Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence ? ?
Buying a farm
The value of the farm to you will depend on --
Next , estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm .
List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year .
The total is the probably gross income from farming .
To find estimated net farm income , subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming .
Everyone with a personal or group tragedy to relate had to be given his day in court as in some vast collective dirge .
And still another witness , one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses , had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot .
Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs .
Counsel for the defense , however , shrewdly allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful recollections , rarely raised an objection .
Would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming , if not exhausting , effect likely to improve his client's chances ? ?
But there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York .
These trials were properly termed `` political cases '' in that the trial itself was a political act producing political consequences .
But what could the Eichmann Trial initiate ? ?
As such , it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a `` message '' .
How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism ? ?
And if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the Trial , as we shall observe later , all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a `` fiend '' ? ?
These questions touch the root of confusion in the prosecution's case .
It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism .
One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages .
but he believed in the Jew-as-enemy in a kind of abstract , theological way , like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things .
The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself .
In regard to Eichmann , it was to be found in the Nazi outlook , which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism , a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent .
Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could , as Eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer .
At any rate , the substance of Eichmann's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent .
But if the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it .
Heydrich , in opening the Conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation .
Since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible , once the wheels had began to turn , persons controlling German industries , social institutions , and armed forces became , through their anti-Semitism or their tolerance of it , conscious accomplices of Hitler's crimes ; ;
whether in the last degree or a lesser one was a matter to be determined individually .
No doubt many of the citizens of the Third Reich had conceived their anti-Semitism as an `` innocent '' dislike of Jews , as do others like them today .
The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to `` the germ of anti-Semitism '' among the Germans which Hitler `` stimulated and transformed '' .
But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it .
Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states .
The Trial should have asked the nations .
But though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmann's guilt , the Prosecutor , more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one , would have none of it .
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ? ?
Wasn't this meaning of Eichmann's experience in various countries worth highlighting ? ?
As the first collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage , the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps , a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ) .
Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin .
The peace of the community was badly disturbed , and people across the nation , reading of the incident , felt uneasy .
In New York City in 1958 , the city's Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device .
A year later in Albany , N.Y. , a Roman Catholic hospital barred an orthopedic surgeon because of his connection with the Planned Parenthood Association .
Immediately , the religious groups of the city were embroiled in an angry dispute over the alleged invasion of a man's right to freedom of religious belief and conscience .
The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation .
All too often our language is unduly harsh .
The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between Catholics and Non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning .
This means that such factors as the health of the parents , particularly the mother , their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life , the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may legitimately be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring .
The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons .
The Roman Catholic Church sanctions only abstention or the rhythm method , also known as the use of the infertile or safe period .
The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author : It involves no frustration of nature's laws , but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them .
The latter plays a prominent role in Roman Catholic theology and is considered decisive , entirely apart from Scripture , in determining the ethical character of birth-prevention methods .
But people differ in their religious beliefs on scores of doctrines , without taking up arms against those who disagree with them .
Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful .
The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history .
The so-called `` noble experiment '' came to an inglorious end .
That tumultuous , painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society .
This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries .
Today , the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction .
In 1920 , the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers -- physical , moral , and religious -- thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' .
the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful self-control '' .
The Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives .
In 1958 , the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere .
In March , 1931 , 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control .
`` As to the necessity '' , the committee declared , `` for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children , and consequently of control of conception , there can be no question .
There is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection without relation to procreation is right '' .
What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive In general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical .
It called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restricting the information or availability of contraceptives .
Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control .
Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin .
Among the chief victims of such an ill-conceived imposition would be religion itself .
On April 17 , 1610 , the sturdy little three-masted bark , Discovery , weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool , London , and floated down the Thames toward the sea .
Seventeen months later , on September 6 , 1611 , an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay .
When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation .
The captain was gone , and the mate was gone .
These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time .
Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas .
The sailing in the spring of 1610 was Hudson's fourth in four years .
Each time his objective had been the same -- a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East .
In 1609 , the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson , gave him two learned geographers , fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon , and supplied him with Dutch sailors .
His chief discovery was important -- the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River -- but it produced no northwest passage .
The government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship .
He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded .
A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies .
One by one , the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded .
But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north .
He named this opening , between Baffin Island and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' .
( Later , it was to be called Hudson Strait .
Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames .
On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain .
Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before .
The mate , Robert Juet , who had kept the journal on the Half Moon , was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity .
Arnold Lodley and Michael Perse were like the rest -- lukewarm , ready to swing against Hudson in a crisis .
Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer .
( The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage .
) In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stubborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession .
There at the river's edge waited one Henry Greene , whom Hudson listed as a `` clerk '' .
Greene was in actuality a young ruffian from Kent , who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he preferred -- pimps , panders and whores .
For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward .
With Hudson looking on , his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon , Edward Wilson .
The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England .
With difficulty , Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship , and they sailed from Iceland .
Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' .
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet .
The great , crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason .
He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart , which he set up in view of the crew .
Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home .
Hudson was free to sail on .
All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450-mile-long strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands .
To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet .
Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme , for two of his backers .
After three weeks' swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas .
This must have been Hudson's blackest discovery .
For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent .
Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition .
The men were at first puzzled , then angered by the aimless tacking .
Once more , Juet's complaints were the loudest .
Hudson , presiding , heard Juet's defense , then called for testimony from crew members .
Hudson deposed Juet and cut his pay .
The new mate was Robert Bylot , talented but inexperienced .
Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed .
Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies .
The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay .
Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons .
The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 .
The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as 1818 .
When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed , all but fifty of the Scots , Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river .
His trading goods came from Canada to the Forks of Red River and from Selkirk's settlement he brought them south in carts .
These carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexander Henry the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun .
In 1802 Henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack .
In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of Sioux , he escorted to Prairie Du Chien .
In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at `` the Forks '' ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819 , twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie Du Chien .
It was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on Mackinac boats .
With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake , across into Lake Traverse , and down the Red .
They reached Fort Douglas in June 1820 .
Nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to Fort Daer for food .
Activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Leavenworth from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of Prairie Du Chien , until then the most advanced United States post .
In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River , the head of navigation on the Mississippi , and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which , upon completion , was renamed in honor of its commander , Colonel Josiah Snelling .
It was from the American outposts that Red River shortages of livestock were to be made good .
He set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States .
Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco .
Alexander McDonnell , governor of Red River , and James Bird , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of Ab4,500 .
For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement .
Accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north , and by October , John Halkett had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the Forks '' in rafts .
`` I have done everything '' , he wrote , `` to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment .
'' Despite Company threats , duly carried through , to cut off supplies of powder , ball , and thread for fishing nets , about 350 persons stayed in the village .
The disasters of 1825-1826 caused more to leave .
On June 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the plains to the Mississippi .
At the point where they ended , another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by Father Lucian Galtier in 1840 .
Its people , including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry , were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840 .
Accordingly , though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the Hudson's Bay Company , some settlers went into trade .
In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company's trade and power '' .
Others carried pemmican from `` the Forks '' to St. Paul and goods from St. Paul to Red River , as in the summer of 1847 when one trader , Wells , transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement .
Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive .
Another reported that his comrades were `` in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house '' .
Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression .
Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' .
But he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine .
They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body .
One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea .
but a much more common designation was `` the sh-ts '' .
A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864 : :
`` I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts '' .
A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days .
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' .
Most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp , on stumps , pieces of bark , drum heads , or the knee .
In the South , after the first year of the war , paper and ink were very poor .
Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing , i.e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written .
Just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I don't dodge every time '' .
Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` the Yankees keep shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' .
3 ,
But fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; ;
Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes .
Sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their soldier-masters messages to their relatives and to members of their owners' families .
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home .
Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19th-century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling .
Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond , Petersburg , Washington , or Nashville .
But these comments are hardly printable .
An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` they thout I was a saint .
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all .
I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had runaway and ten of Pappy's .
But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' .
An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` dear Sis .
I will shute him as shore as I sea him '' .
Went out a skouting yesterday .
They brok & run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them .
A Mississippi soldier wrote : `` our General Reub Davis is a vain , stuck-up , illiterate ass '' .
An Alabamian wrote : `` Col. Henry is ( an ignoramus ) fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of corn '' .
Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader .
He is not worth shucks .
But he is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to command '' .
Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in my own mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' .
Another Yankee became so disgusted as to state : `` I wish to God one half of our officers were knocked in the head by slinging them against ( the other half ) '' .
One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' .
Shortly after the beginning of Sherman's Georgia campaign , an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk : `` the surgeon insisted on sending me to the hospital for treatment .
I insisted on takeing the field and prevailed -- thinking that I had better die by rebel bullets than ( by ) Union quackery '' .
The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred .
A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that ever I saw .
'' Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe , their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect .
What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred .
One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine , and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years .
Nor is it an accident that baseball , growing into the national game in the last 75 years , has become a microcosm of American life , that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880s , or that courses in American literature , American civilization , American anything have swept our school and college curricula .
After all , the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen's comprehension and control .
Anyone's identification with an international struggle , whether warlike or peaceful , requires absurd oversimplification and intense emotional involvement .
Such identification comes for each group in each crisis by rewriting history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes .
A heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land .
Abraham Lincoln emerged as an incarnation of the national Constitution .
Robert E. Lee represented the dignity needed by a rebelling confederacy .
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission .
It has come to mean myths , legends , tales , songs , proverbs , riddles , superstitions , rhymes and such literary forms of expression .
Related to written literature , and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form , it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence .
Though it may exist in either literate or illiterate societies , it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter .
Enthusiastically , Americans have swept subliterary and bogus materials like Paul Bunyan tales , Abe Lincoln anecdotes and labor union songs up as true products of our American oral tradition .
On the one side we have the university professors and their students , trained in Teutonic methods of research , who have sought out , collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic , regional and occupational groups that make up this nation .
After all , the field is large , difficult to define and seldom taught properly to American undergraduates .
They have widely varying backgrounds and aims .
They have little `` esprit de corps '' .
The outlook for the amateur , for instance , is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque .
Folklore is his hobby , and he , all too rightly , wishes it to remain as such .
Fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material .
Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found .
Both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines .
Dominated by the vicious circle of the university promotion system , the analyst looks down on and gets along poorly with the other three groups , although he cannot deny his debt to the collector .
Publishers want books that will sell , recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music , grade and high schools want quaint , but moral , material .
The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in .
they see it as a potpourri of charming , moral legends and patriotic anecdotes , with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there .
If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work , the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public .
And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each .
Is the writer propagandistic ? ?
Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ?
Robert Frost , for instance , writes about rural life in New England , but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems .
Stephen Vincent Benet's John Brown's Body comes immediately to mind in this connection , as does John Steinbeck's The Grapes Of Wrath and Carl Sandburg's The People , Yes .
Folklore , as used by such writers , really reflects images engraved into it by the very person using it .
He carried three guns -- one in the right trouser pocket , one under his left armpit , one in the left outside coat pocket -- and was equally lethal with both hands .
He killed accurately , freely , and dispassionately .
The police credited him with twenty-five murders but he was never brought to trial for one of them .
He was an expert florist , tenderly dextrous in the arrangement of bouquets and wreaths .
he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under .
He walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns .
Landesco thought him `` just a superior sort of plugugly '' but he was , in fact , with his aggression and hostility , and nerveless indifference to risking or administering pain , a casebook psychopath .
He was also at this time , although not so interwoven in high politics and the rackets as Torrio and Capone , the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the Chicago underworld , the roughneck king .
The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested , slum tenements among the bawdy houses , honkytonks , and sawdust saloons of his birthplace ; ;
he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police-dodging , and housebreaking .
In his teens O'Banion was enrolled in the vicious Market Street gang and he became a singing waiter in McGovern's Cafe , a notoriously low and rowdy dive in North Clark Street , where befuddled customers were methodically looted of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out .
O'Banion's first conflict with the police came in 1909 , at seventeen , when he was committed to Bridewell Prison for three months for burglary ; ;
two years later he served another three months for assault .
Those were his only interludes behind bars , although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922 , three for burglary and one for robbery .
As promptly as Torrio , O'Banion jumped into bootlegging .
He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money .
But whose requirements ? ?
Until 1924 O'Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic .
A. O'Banion , in his pistol pocket '' .
To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O'Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay .
It included the top O'Banion men and Chief of Detectives Michael Hughes .
When Mayor Dever heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers .
In fact , O'Connor was honoured during the ceremony with the presentation of a $2500 diamond stickpin .
This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' .
Pasley continued : `` They became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in 1928-29 '' .
O'Banion accepted his platinum watch and the tributes to his loyalty , and proceeded with the bigger and better Republican deal .
He behaved publicly with a cocky , swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness .
A second bullet ricocheted off Max's belt buckle , leaving him unhurt but in some distress .
O'Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre ; ;
That sort of braggadocio , for that sort of reason , in the view of Torrio and Capone , was a nonsense .
A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a Torrio beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through .
The revenue from O'Banion's Cicero territory went up still higher , until the yield was more than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago's South and West Sides .
But he still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate .
O'Banion's reply was a raucous laugh and a flat refusal .
The most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of Krakatoa in 1883 ; ;
it raced across the Pacific at 300 miles an hour , devastated the coasts of Java and Sumatra with waves 100 to 130 feet high , and pounded the shore as far away as San Francisco .
One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; ;
Tsunami are rare , however , in the Atlantic Ocean ; ;
they are far more common in the Pacific .
one wave swamped more than 1,000 ships and boats in Osaka Bay .
But a tsunami often extends more than 100 miles and sometimes as much as 600 miles from crest to crest .
In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour .
Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest .
They usually range from 20 to 60 feet in height , but when they pour into a V-shaped inlet or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions .
This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives .
Reefs are left high and dry , and the beaches are covered with stranded fish .
At Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the denuded beach .
After an earthquake in Japan in 1793 people on the coast at Tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground .
Just as they reached the shore , the first huge wave crashed upon them .
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves .
they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come .
The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Valley .
The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet .
The tsunami-warning system developed since the 1946 disaster in Hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by Commander C. K. Green of the Coast and Geodetic Survey staff .
Ordinary water tides are disregarded .
This in turn sets off an alarm , notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress .
Such equipment has been installed at Hilo , Midway , Attu and Dutch Harbor .
This center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with seismographs .
Its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the quake and alerts tide stations near the epicenter for a tsunami .
The civil and military authorities are then advised of the danger , and they issue warnings and take all necessary protective steps .
All of these activities are geared to a top-priority communication system , and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly .
On November 4 , 1952 , an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula .
At 17:07 that afternoon ( Greenwich time ) the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in Honolulu .
But not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $800,000 .
In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves .
Life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man .
often the shifts cannot be seen , but they are there ; ;
The effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized , even overemphasized .
The role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening , but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster .
Superstition has often blended with fact to color reports .
Earthquakes originate as far as 400 miles below the surface , but they do not occur at greater depths .
( 2 ) If earthquakes do occur at such depths , why not deeper ? ?
In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources .
The following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book Causes Of Catastrophe by L. Don Leet .
A sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll .
Garryowen is the battle cry of the 7th U.S. Cavalry Regiment , `` The Fighting Seventh '' .
But don't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh , especially in a saloon on Saturday night .
Of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7th Cav , perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel Melbourne C. Chandler .
Wiry and burr-headed , with steel blue eyes and a chest splattered with medals , Chandler is the epitome of the old-time trooper .
The truth is , however , that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil .
Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it .
Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces .
Outside of combat , he couldn't have landed in a tougher spot .
First of all , no unit likes to have a new CO brought in from the outside , especially when he's an armchair trooper .
Second , if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him , it's on maneuvers .
In combat , helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed .
Chandler had expected a tough old trooper with a gravel voice .
He had enlisted in the Army straight out of high school and had immediately set about learning his new trade .
But for all his erudite confidence , Sergeant Early was right out of the Garryowen mold .
He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh .
That saved Mel Chandler .
But still Mel Chandler was not completely convinced that men would really die for a four-syllable word , `` Garryowen '' .
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march .
The faces belonged to Lieutenant Marvin Goulding , his wife and their two children .
For Marvin Goulding , like Giovanni Martini , the bugler boy who carried Custer's last message , or Margarito Lopez , the one-man Army on Leyte , was a Garryowen , through and through .
It was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment .
He set out to keep Troop H the best troop in the best regiment .
The troop received a new leader , Lieutenant Robert M. Carroll , fresh out of ROTC and bucking for Regular Army status .
So Mel Chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of Garryowen , just as he himself had been sold a short time before .
Just a month after the Korean War broke out , the 7th Cavalry was moving into the lines , ready for combat .
The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men , armed with Russian machine guns , attacked the position held by Chandler's men .
They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another .
Captain Chandler saw that it was building up strength .
One of the more seriously wounded was Lieutenant Carroll , the young officer bucking for the Regular Army .
He took one step , two , broke into a trot and then into a run .
The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! !
Burst from his throat .
His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran .
The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire .
Because of this diversionary attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again .
He went down like a wet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemy fire .
They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack .
`` Okay , men '' , he said .
`` Follow me '' .
For an instant his men hesitated , unable to believe that their lieutenant , the most popular officer in the regiment , was dead .
They charged into the enemy like wild men .
Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack .
Reinforcements came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by Goulding's platoon .
For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment .
Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno , who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in 1876 .
From the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape , a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike Marcus Reno .
During the Civil War , Custer , who achieved a brilliant record , was made brigadier general at the age of 23 .
I do mean , however , that I take them for granted , and that everything I shall be saying would appear quite idiotic against any contrary assumptions .
The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity ; ;
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around .
These conditions are unobtainable -- are not even approachable in the qualified sense I have indicated -- without the prior defeat of world Communism .
This is true for two reasons : because Communism is both doctrinally , and in practice , antithetical to these conditions ; ;
Assumption 3 .
It follows that victory over Communism is the dominant , proximate goal of American policy .
Proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over Communism is but a means .
But dominant in the sense that every other objective , no matter how worthy intrinsically , must defer to it .
Peace is a worthy objective ; ;
Freedom , in the sense of self-determination , is a worthy objective ; ;
Prosperity is a worthy objective ; ;
This brings us squarely to the problem of power , and the uses a nation makes of power .
And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously .
One was demonstrably false ; ;
You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment -- I certainly do -- but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United States not only superior , but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U.S.-Soviet relations for the foreseeable future .
I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts , and I think Mr. Jameson Campaigne has done it well in his new book American Might And Soviet Myth .
Suppose , he says , that the tables were turned , and we were in the Soviets' position : `` There would be more than 2,000 modern Soviet fighters , all better than ours , stationed at 250 bases in Mexico and the Caribbean .
Overwhelming Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast .
Half of the population of the U.S. would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people '' .
U.S. `` prestige ''
Prestige is a measure of how other people think of you , well or ill .
Only the vain and incurably sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to be .
The thing to lose sleep over is what people , having concluded that we are weaker than we are , are likely to do about it .
but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do -- namely , by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side .
Still , these guesses about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves .
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence .
Communist political warfare , we must remember , is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages .
And this may be as far as the process will go .
The Kremlin's goal is the isolation and capture , not of Ghana , but of the United States -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a `` neutralist '' mask , yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office .
Cambodia is , for all practical purposes , neutralist .
Ceylon has moved from a pro-Western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the West .
Today the Nasser and Kassem governments are adamantly hostile to the West , are dependent for their military power on Soviet equipment and personnel ; ;
in almost every particular follow the Kremlin's foreign policy line .
Today , Africa is swerving violently away from the West and plunging , it would seem , into the Soviet orbit .
Latin America was once an area as `` safe '' for the West as Nebraska was for Nixon .
Today it is up for grabs .
One Latin American country , Cuba , has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast .
Only in Europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only on the surface .
Opportunities missed
What have we to show by way of counter-successes ? ?
We have had opportunities -- clear invitations to plant our influence on the other side of the Iron Curtain .
There was the Hungarian Revolution which we praised and mourned , but did nothing about .
There was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests .
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist .
We served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery .
The first rattle of the machine guns , at 7:10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear .
`` Sounds exactly like last time '' .
The young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven .
The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' .
Then he was sick .
Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heard the thumping of mortars .
Then the lights went out .
Where was my flashlight ? ?
Where should I go ? ?
A woman with a small boy slipped in between them .
`` Please '' , she said , `` please '' .
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office .
But what was the story ? ?
Or was it another revolt inside Vientiane ? ?
`` Let's play hero '' , I said .
A traditional Lao explanation is that the moon was being swallowed by a toad , and the remedy was to make all possible noise , ideally with firearms .
And no wonder , for Vientiane , the old City of Sandalwood , had become the City of Bullet Holes .
In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble .
And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege .
`` And it's all the more tragic because it's so little deserved '' , said Mr. J. J. A. Frans , a Belgian official of the United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization .
`` .
`` Precisely '' , said Mr. Frans .
The slim pirogues in harmony with the majestically meandering Mekong River .
Even life in harmony with death .
For so long as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a feast .
To many a Frenchman -- they came 95 years ago , colonized , and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953 -- the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti .
The Royal Lao Army , on the other hand , was paid and equipped with American funds .
We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants .
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire .
Boun My , our interpreter ; ;
Prime minister moves fast
Alas , so it almost proved for us , too .
To go outside the few cities required permits .
Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured , and few soldiers could be spared as escorts .
Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort .
We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister .
Could we be ready in 15 minutes ? ?
Prince wears ten-gallon hat
In Keng Kok , the City of Silkworms , the Prime Minister bought fried chickens and fried cicadas , and two notebooks for me .
Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls .
It was a spleen-crushing day .
An hour of bouncing , a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary .
We were miserable .
Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20th century -- constructively .
`` What you see are self-help projects '' , John said .
We send shovels , cement , nails , and corrugated iron for roofs .
Ask Mr. Keo '' .
Mr. Keo agreed .
That's a big step toward a modern state .
You might say we are in the nation-building business '' .
The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech .
Then we were off again .
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies .
It takes place in the household , a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose .
The strings were draped around flowers in tall silver bowls ( page 261 ) .
The candles were lighted , and we sat on split-bamboo mats among the village notables .
A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body .
Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back .
Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists .
These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls .
As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand .
John said : `` I have some antiseptic salve with me , but it's too late for that '' .
`` Being Jewish gives you tremendous drive '' , a boy remarked .
`` It means that you have to get ahead '' .
When I pressed for a purely religious definition , I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty .
But you don't have to worship in the traditional way .
You can communicate in your own way .
As I see it , there's no real difference between being Jewish , Catholic , or Protestant '' .
Another teen-ager remarked : `` Most Jews don't believe in God , but they believe in people -- in helping people '' .
Still another boy asserted : `` To be a good Jew is to do no wrong ; ;
This accords with the study by Maier and Spinrad .
The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in -- 30 per cent ; ;
and financial independence -- 21 per cent .
`` I want to show respect for my parents' religion '' was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism .
A fourteen-year-old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that , in her community , religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities -- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious .
It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food .
Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as `` the only Orthodox girl in town '' .
One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college-oriented .
This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy .
In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams .
One of the significant developments in American-Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women .
In upper teen Jewish life , the non-college group tends to have a sense of marginality .
One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost .
Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College -- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower-middle class Jewish student .
There is , to begin , an important sex difference .
There are two reasons for this .
The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically .
Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school .
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College .
At the same time , there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college -- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues -- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates .
`` You don't have to watch what you say .
For most Brooklyn College students , college is at once a perpetuation of their ethnic attachments and a breaking away from the cage of neighborhood and family .
However , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents .
`` As long as I'm home , I'll never grow up '' , a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly .
`` They don't like it if I do anything away from home .
It's so much trouble , I don't usually bother '' .
For girls , the overprotection is far more pervasive .
A freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter .
The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field .
This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature .
The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual .
First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights .
The great world beyond beckons .
In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith .
The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models .
Brooklyn College is distinctive for not having an official drinking place .
The Fort Lauderdale encampment for drinking is foreign to most Brooklyn College boys .
The sufferer drinks tansy tea .
Bruises , burns , cuts , etc. , occurred frequently on the frontier , and folk medicine gave the answers to these problems too .
( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain .
) Salted butter was another cure for bruises .
Another swore by vinegar baths for burns , and still another recommended salted butter .
`` Butter salve '' or `` butter ointment '' was used for burns , and for bruises as well .
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' .
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth , over which she poured turpentine .
there is scarcely a scar showing .
A `` chaw '' of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and healing .
His brother ran a mile to get the father ; ;
Until quite recently , `` sterile '' maggots could be bought to apply to a wound ; ;
Another cure for hydrophobia was to suck the wounds , then cauterize them with a hot knife or poker .
This might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck , pressed on the upper lip , or inserted into the nostril ( cotton was usually used in this last ) .
Blood blisters could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work blister immediately with any hard nonpoisonous substance .
Insect bites were cured in many ways .
`` get a bite , spit on it '' was a proverb .
Yellow clay was used as a poultice for insect bites and also for swellings ; ;
not long ago `` Denver Mud '' was most popular .
so small as to be scarcely visible to the eye , they buried themselves in the victim's flesh .
Bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests .
Ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing .
For wasp stings onion juice , obtained by scraping an onion , gave quick relief .
Bedbugs were a common pest in pioneer days ; ;
Bed slats were washed in alum water , legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene , and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive sublimate , applied with a feather .
To remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted .
A cinder or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a flaxseed in the eye .
As the seed swelled its glutinous covering protected the eyeball from irritation , and both the cinder and the seed could soon be washed out .
For erysipelas a mixture of one dram borax and one ounce glycerine was applied to the afflicted part on linen cloth .
They drank half a cup of this morning and night , and they also washed and soaked their hands in the same solution .
Chilblains were also treated with tincture of capsicum or cabbage leaves .
One veracious woman tells me she has used thin potato parings for both corns and calluses on her feet and they remove the pain or `` fire '' .
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight .
There were many cures for warts .
One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times .
Another wart removal method was to rub each wart with a bean split open and then to bury the bean halves under the drip of the house for seven days .
wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments , and strangely enough many warts did just that .
One wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a blonde gypsy .
I know this worked .
One doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg cramps .
For sprains and swellings , one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief .
It may , on occasion , be anything but that .
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district .
These are the wines the French themselves use for everyday drinking , for even in France virtually no one drinks the Grands Crus on a meal-to-meal basis .
Consultation with a reputable wine dealer and constant experimentation -- `` steering ever from the known to the unknown '' -- are the requisites .
Most of them , the world over , operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in France and some other Latin countries : the customer is to be considered guilty of abysmal ignorance until proven otherwise , with the burden of proof on the customer himself .
) is for the most part a recondite affair , for manifestly , if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them , the supply would dry up in no time at all .
This is the only valid , and extenuating , argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter .
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served .
Fat bottles , such as Burgundies , have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props , such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood , to hold them in the proper reclining posture .
The best rule of thumb for detecting corked wine ( provided the eye has not already spotted it ) is to smell the wet end of the cork after pulling it : if it smells of wine , the bottle is probably all right ; ;
if it smells of cork , one has grounds for suspicion .
Seasonal rises or drops in temperature are bad for wine : they age it prematurely .
The ideal storage temperature for long periods is about fifty-five degrees , with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this , provided there are no sudden or frequent changes .
Prolonged vibration is also undesirable ; ;
If one lives near a subway or an express parkway , the solution is to have one's wines stored with a dealer and brought home a few at a time .
Light , especially daylight , is always bad for wine .
All in all , though , there is a good deal of nonsense expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking ; ;
But the fact remains that in most restaurants , including some of the best of Paris and Bordeaux and Dijon , the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered , and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal .
for those who live in a winter climate , there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow .
In this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages .
It should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in half-bottles , less fast in full bottles , slowly in Magnums -- and slower yet in Tregnums , double Magnums , Jeroboams , Methuselahs , and Imperiales , respectively .
White wines should be opened when served , having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness .
Thus , Sauternes or Barsacs should be very cold ; ;
Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine , especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive .
The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air .
but the first glass of Chateau d'Yquem or Montrachet is a great deal better than the last '' ! !
This does not mean , though , that a red wine improves with prolonged aeration : there is a reasonable limit -- and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day , after they have once been opened , are never as good .
If this must be done , they should always be corked and kept in a cool place ; ;
A tug-of-war between an old bottle and an inefficient corkscrew may do as much harm as a week at sea .
The cork should be pulled gradually and smoothly , and the lip of the bottle wiped afterward .
Many people use wicker cradles for old red wine , lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table , without disturbing the sediment .
The wine waiter will see to it that the bottles are taken from the bin and opened at least in time to warm and aerate , preferably allowed to stand on end for as long as possible and , perhaps in the case of very old wines , be decanted .
For , in the process of decanting , the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the table : hence , a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and dregs .
Most of the wines of Beaujolais , on the other hand , should be drunk while very young ; ;
Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically : `` Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' .
The slaves appeared to be in good health and at work under John Palfrey's overseer .
Palfrey was determined that his portion of the slaves be converted to wage laborers during the transition period before emancipation .
If William wished to continue operations for a year , why not simply leave the Negroes undisturbed and pay them `` as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex & age .
A disposition to exert themselves for my benefit would perhaps be a motive with some of them to come into the scheme .
Each human being , known only by a given name , had a cash value .
In rejecting any claim to the value of the slave property , Palfrey was giving up close to $7,000 .
Despite Giffen's warning , Palfrey still had plans for freeing his slaves in Louisiana .
Yet even if he could get the necessary approval , fourteen of his Negroes could not be manumitted without special permission .
According to state law a slave had to be at least thirty years old before he could be freed .
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement .
Otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' .
News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers , and Henry and William became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance .
Henry stormed into Giffen's office waving a copy of the New Orleans Courier , shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair , and that it would reach the `` Ears of the People on the Plantation , and make them restless & unhappy '' .
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from John Palfrey , Gorham readily assented , vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him .
In view of these difficulties , Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana .
His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April .
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again .
Instead of the expected `` annoyances '' due to the nature of his mission , he received many calling cards and invitations from `` gentlemen of mark , on whom I had no sort of claim , & have had many more invitations than I could accept '' .
Palfrey's autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the planters of Attakapas , `` many of whom were coarse & passionate people , much excited by what they heard of my plans '' .
He proceeded with his task bravely -- in his memoirs , at least -- before the `` passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high '' .
He had a short private talk with each adult slave .
All the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season , so that they could get in `` their own little produce '' .
Palfrey returned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement `` so satisfactory to my judgment & my conscience '' .
Giffen assured him that the captain and his mate had personally promised to treat the Negroes with consideration .
The plantation was sold in January , 1845 , and Palfrey thought the new owner ought to pay his people two months' wages .
Two of these were included in Palfrey's lot .
Slavery was prohibited in Massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of 1780 , which declared `` all men are born free and equal '' .
Once the question of emancipation was settled to Palfrey's satisfaction , he faced a real problem in placing the freedmen in suitable homes as servants .
This group had been Palfrey's greatest worry since Anna was in bad health , and her children were too young to work for their keep .
( `` In the late forties and fifties '' , Coombs has declared in defining his role , `` two strong new arms were added to reinforce United States foreign policy economic assistance and military assistance .
Unlike Wilson , who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism .
`` In fact , the search is almost more important than the find '' .
) Mrs. Henry Labouisse , wife of the new director of the foreign aid program , is the writer and lecturer Eve Curie .
The list goes on .
At last count , sixteen former Rhodes Scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the Administration , second in number only to its Harvard graduates .
William Walton , a writer-turned-painter , has been a long-time friend of the President .
Both lived in Georgetown , were unattached , and shared an active social life .
Walton , who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital's leading semi-abstract painters , vows that he and Kennedy never once discussed art in those days .
Nonetheless , they found common interests .
Walton , who served as a correspondent with General James Gavin's paratroopers during the invasion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy .
A man of great talent , he will continue to serve as a sort of Presidential trouble-shooter , strictly ex officio , for culture .
A more official representative is the Secretary of the Interior .
Udall , who comes from one of the Mormon first-families of Arizona , is a bluff , plain-spoken man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight .
His private dining room has become a way station for visiting intellectuals such as C. P. Snow , Arnold Toynbee , and Aaron Copland .
The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration .
His Ideas in this respect , however , sometimes arouse critical response .
In the case of the Borglum statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to `` hustle '' it out of Washington .
The last Congress adopted seven bills for memorials , including one to Taras Shevchenko , the Ukrainian poet laureate ; ;
eleven others were introduced .
One of Mrs. Kennedy's initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine .
Ever since the fire of 1812 destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by President Thomas Jefferson , the White House has collected a hodgepodge of period pieces , few of them authentic or aesthetic .
Mrs. Kennedy shows a determination to change all this .
Not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk , hewed from the timbers of the British ship H.M.S. Resolute and presented to President Hayes by Queen Victoria .
She traced it to a storage room .
But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which Mrs. Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms .
The press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to the activity within .
The American Institute of Interior Designers is redecorating the White House library .
Secretary and Mrs. Dillon have contributed enough pieces of Empire furniture , including Dolley Madison's own sofa , to furnish a room in that style .
Woman's place is in the home : man must attend to matters of the yard .
One of the vexatious problems to first confront President Kennedy was the property lying just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House .
Congress had already appropriated money , and plans were well along to tear down the buildings flanking Lafayette Square and replace them with what one critic calls the `` marble monumentality '' of government office buildings .
What to do about it now that he was President ? ?
Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square .
One of the offices slated for reconstruction is the aged Court of Claims , diagonally across the street from the White House .
Surrounded by ancient elms , the campus is spacious and beautiful .
The Dartmouth student does not live in monastic seclusion , as he once did .
But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures .
He is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century , down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart .
The men's shops on Hanover's Main Street compare favorably with those in Princeton and New Haven .
But there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth .
No one here pokes fun at manly virtues .
It even affects the faculty .
Thus , when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest , wildest , roaringest college weekend anywhere , any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup , Prexy John Sloan Dickey appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb , topped off by a tam-o'-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl .
President Dickey's golden retriever , frolicking in the snow at his feet , added to the picture of masculine informality .
She must have looked temptingly pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head .
No Dartmouth man was surprised .
Since the days when their two thousand pairs of skis outnumbered those assembled anywhere else in the United States , the students have stopped regarding the Olympic Ski Team as another name for their own .
Yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the Intercollegiate Ski Union , which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country .
Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter , starting with their own front door .
Forty miles farther north is Mount Moosilauke , Dartmouth's own mountain .
The Lodge , built of hand-hewn virgin spruce , can handle fifty people for dining , sleeping , or lounging in its huge living room .
The club runs regular trips to the cabins , but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting , fishing , climbing , or skiing .
Under the auspices of the Outing Club , Dartmouth also has the Mountaineering Club , which takes on tough climbs like Mount McKinley , and Bait & Bullet , whose interests are self-evident , and even sports a Woodman's Team , which competes with other New England colleges in wood sawing and chopping , canoe races , and the like .
There is much to be said for a college that , while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies , still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game , deer , or even bear is not uncommon .
And on the summit of Mount Washington , where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world , there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas `` because it is there '' .
Probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the Supreme Court of the United States .
Early in the nineteenth century the State of New Hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university .
The legislators decided to `` liberate '' Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel .
For a time there were two factions on the campus fighting for possession of the student body .
A lawyer , hired by the college , was arguing specifically for Dartmouth : Daniel Webster , class of 1801 , made her plight the dramatic focus of his whole plea .
In an age of oratory , he was the king of orators , and both he himself and Chief Justice Marshall were bathed in manly tears , as Uncle Dan'l reached his thundering climax :
Dartmouth is today still a small college -- and still a private one , thanks to Webster's eloquence .
This is not out of keeping with its origins , probably the most humble of any in the Ivy group .
Eleazar Wheelock , a Presbyterian minister , founded the school in 1769 , naming it after the second earl of Dartmouth , its sponsor and benefactor .
and also of English Youth and any others '' .
It was a hardy undertaking , and Wheelock's was indeed `` a voice crying in the wilderness '' .
A road had to be hacked through trackless forests between Hanover and Portsmouth to permit Governor Wentworth and a company of gentlemen to attend the first Dartmouth commencement in 1771 .
The governor and his retinue thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver punchbowl which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college .
Then from the branches of a near-by tree an Indian underclassman , disdaining both the platform and the English language , harangued the assemblage in his aboriginal tongue .
Governor Wentworth contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pines , and a barrel of rum was broached .
Future commencements were more decorous perhaps , but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace .
By the end of the nineteenth century , in 1893 , when the Big Three , Columbia , and Penn were populous centers of learning , Dartmouth graduated only sixty-nine .
The dormitories , including the beloved Dartmouth Hall , could barely house two hundred students in Spartan fashion .
Then in 1893 Dr. William Jewett Tucker became president and the college's great awakening began .
By 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to 1,107 .
The presidents of Cornell , Wisconsin , C.C.N.Y. , Bowdoin , Vermont , Brown , Columbia , Princeton , Yale , and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there .
Dartmouth is numerically still a small college today , with approximately twenty-nine hundred undergraduates .
Over 450 different schools are usually represented in each entering class .
Only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students , and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation .
About two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools .
However , three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums -- the Dartmouth Medical School ( third oldest in the country and founded in 1797 ) , the Thayer School of Engineering , and the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration .
All three schools coordinate their educational programs with that of the undergraduate college and , like the college proper , place emphasis upon a broad liberal arts course as the proper foundation for specialized study .
The Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way , after a boy wins a B.S. in engineering .
But Dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes , and , although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage , they make for lively copy .
It was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door .
Notice , Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of Lizzie Borden .
They were a vagabond lot and considered to be shady and undesirable characters .
Morse's alibi was not as solid as it seemed .
Fall River is not a fashionable town .
It is possible that Morse told the woman it was 11:20 , but it could have been earlier , since she did serve dinner on time .
He met nobody he knew on this walk .
This was long after Morse had left the house .
He could have left for Weybosset Street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar .
If he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return , he could have arrived at the Borden house shortly after Mr. Borden came home .
On the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying .
The time would have been shortly after the murder of Mrs. Borden and they noticed nothing unusual in his behavior .
What did Pearson say about Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect in his trial-book essay ? ?
That was his complete discussion of Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect .
The exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration , but Lizzie's expression of her opinion , as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet .
Fleet asked the same question about Bridget , and Lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her .
Lizzie , actually , never named any suspect .
At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward , or who had bad feelings toward her father .
Her statement certainly was true ; ;
the press reported the same facts in using Harrington's interview , but Lizzie did not suggest at the inquest that Harrington was the killer .
`` How about Bridget Sullivan '' ? ?
There are also other factors that require closer examination .
The legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a `` big bundle '' of cash which Lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth shut .
She finally settled in Fall River and , after being employed for a time by a Mrs. Reed , was hired by the Bordens .
I have previously described how , during the week of the murder , Bridget spent the first few hot days scrubbing and ironing clothes .
The daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects .
She named 48 items , and said there were `` many more things which it would take too long to write '' .
and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied .
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this .
But even so Lucy could not give up her intellectual pursuits .
Do you think I might profitably study some of the history you do , perhaps two weeks behind you .
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing .
La Croix on the Customs of the Middle Ages , 16 chapters of Bryce `` and liked it more and more '' ; ;
more chapters of Guizot ; ;
She discussed in her letters to Winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone .
At different times he served as glee-club and choir leader and as organist .
The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to Colorado , Virginia , and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia .
While in Washington , D.C. , Lucy Upton held positions in the U.S. Census Office , and in the Pension Bureau .
After the months in Europe , she returned to Boston and became active in church and community life .
She served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance .
She drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them -- to make them at home in the world ; ;
and as graduates gratefully recall , she drew on her purse as well .
Many a student was able to remain at Spelman , only because of her unobtrusive help .
Under Miss Upton , the work of the year 1909-10 went forward without interruption .
Both loved the out-of-doors , including mountain climbing and horseback riding .
So strenuous it was physically , with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and Miss Upton .
When Dr. Wallace Buttrick , wise in his judgment of people , declined to have the Science Building named for him , he wrote Miss Tapley ( April 7 , 1923 ) `` If you had asked me , I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton .
Such were the qualities of the Acting-President of the Seminary after the death of Miss Giles .
and that the year's work had gone forward smoothly .
and ground had been broken for the superintendent's home .
Miss Upton spoke gratefully of the response of Spelman graduates and Negro friends in helping to raise the Fund , and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current expenses .
Two bequests were recorded : one of $200 under the will of Mrs. Harriet A. Copp of Los Angeles ; ;
Now the school was indeed bereft .
`` Yet Spelman has strong , deep roots , and will live for the blessing of generations to come '' .
Miss Mary Jane Packard , Sophia's half-sister , became ill in March , 1910 ; ;
Soon the office work claimed all her time .
She served as secretary in the Seminary office for 25 years , and was in charge of correspondence , records , and bookkeeping .
and so do the hearts of students and of teachers .
In a few school districts one finds a link between school and job .
In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 .
Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation .
The `` diversified occupations '' program is a part-time trade-preparatory program conducted over two school years on a cooperative basis between the school and local industrial and business employers .
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one .
He may or may not be `` better off '' than his classmate who went on to a college and professional school .
In the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation .
High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work .
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual .
This is not due to any policy of discrimination on the part of the Northern universities .
Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president .
I believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized .
Here again we run into the roadblock that Negroes do not like to be designated as Negroes in the press .
It is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of inequality in the South .
Second , vocational courses should be provided in grades 11 and 12 and not require more than half the student's time in those years ; ;
Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience .
I have been using the word `` vocational '' as a layman would at first sight think it should be used .
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' .
They are in this sense skills marketable immediately on graduation from high school .
So , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics .
In spite of the shading of one type of course into another , I believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses .
Most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools .
Therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report .
By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system .
One has to talk confidentially with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say , `` I want to be a plumber '' , and then , by doing good work , find a job .
It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation .
Two stories will illustrate what I have in mind .
`` What does he have in mind to do when he graduates '' ? ?
`` Oh , he'll be a plumber '' , came the answer .
`` But isn't it almost impossible to get into the union '' ? ?
An excellent example of a successful location of a new vocational high school is the Dunbar Vocational High School in Chicago .
Hardly a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened ( and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum areas ) .
The soybean seed is the most important leguminous food in the world .
Soybeans are extensively processed into a remarkable number of food products in the Orient .
American chemists , seeking to increase exports of soybeans , have adapted modern techniques and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional Japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of Indonesia .
Soybean flour , grits , flakes , `` milk '' , and curd can be bought in the United States .
They are used mainly for their oil .
In western Europe and North America , where the level of economic development is higher , grains and other seed products furnish less than one-third of the food consumed .
Most of the grain is fed to swine and dairy cows and lesser amounts to beef cattle and poultry .
The rest is used for human food and industrial products .
Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position .
Chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds -- flax , castor , tung ( nuts from the China wood-oil tree ) , perilla ( from an Oriental mint ) , and oiticica ( from a Brazilian tree ) .
These oils develop hard , smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances .
Seeds of soybean , cotton , corn , sesame , and rape yield semidrying oils .
Some are used in paints along with drying oils .
This nondrying oil , however , is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant , as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment , and as a source of chemicals to make plastics .
It is still used in drugs and cosmetics , but it is rather scarce and sometimes is adulterated with oils from peach and plum seeds .
In other countries where cereal grains are not among the principal crops of a region , starchy tubers or roots are processed for starch .
Gums were extracted from quince , psyllium ( fleawort ) , flax , and locust ( carob ) seeds in ancient times .
Today the yearly import into the United States of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds ; ;
Guar gum thickens salad dressings and stabilizes ice cream .
Locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper .
The seeds of hard , fibrous , stony fruits , called nuts , provide highly concentrated foods , oils , and other materials of value .
The kernels of brazil nuts , cashews , coconuts , filberts , hazelnuts , hickory nuts , pecans , walnuts , and pine nuts are predominantly oily .
Chestnuts are starchy .
The world production of familiar seed nuts -- almonds , brazil nuts , filberts , and the English walnuts -- totals about 300 thousand tons annually .
Coconuts , the fruit of the coconut palm , have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in South Pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets .
World production of copra , the oil-bearing flesh of the coconut , was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959 .
Exports from producing countries in terms of equivalent oil were a little more than 1 million tons , about half of which was palm kernels or oil from them and about half was palm oil .
Other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the spicy nutmeg ; ;
the aromatic sassafras nut of South America ; ;
A forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the tagua palm .
The so-called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg-sized seed .
Handmade Christmas wreaths and trees often contain a variety of seeds collected during the year .
Tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids , aromatic oils , and highly flavored components .
Although science has given us more effective materials , preparations from anise , castorbean , colchicum , nux vomica , mustard , fennel , and stramonium are familiar to many for the relief of human ailments .
Still another group of seeds ( sometimes tiny , dry , seed-bearing fruits ) provide distinctive flavors and odors to foods , although the nutrients they supply are quite negligible .
The common spices , flavorings , and condiments make up this group .
Single-seeded dry fruits used for flavoring include several of the carrot family , such as cumin , dill , fennel , and angelica .
Less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include fenugreek ( artificial maple flavor ) and cardamom .
It is a main flavoring for halvah , the candy of the Middle East .
Per capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the United States .
Cocoa , chocolate , and cocoa butter come from the ground seeds of the cacao tree .
World production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa ( 63 percent ) and South America ( 27 percent ) .
The Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain .
Beer was brewed by the Babylonians and Egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago .
Distillers use corn , malt , wheat , grain sorghum , and rye in making beverage alcohol .
Hay and pasture are the other chief sources of livestock feed .
Seeds are the essential raw materials for milling grain , baking , crushing oilseed , refining edible oil , brewing , distilling , and mixing feed .
More than 11 thousand business establishments in the United States were based on cereals and oilseeds in 1954 .
The value of products from these industries was 15.8 billion dollars , of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes .
Not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products .
Cereal grains furnish about one-fourth of the total food calories in the American diet and about one-third of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock and poultry .
To keep 'em scattered somewhat and yet herd 'em was called `` loose herdin' '' .
Cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were acquainted .
Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out , seekin' grass and water .
Such marchin' in wholesale numbers was called a `` drift '' , or `` winter drift '' , and if the storm was prolonged it usually resulted in one of the tragedies of the range .
but when a large number were `` bunched up '' or `` banded up '' , and marched away from their home range , as long as they stayed together the group was said to be a `` drift '' .
Drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds , but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought , or as an aftermath of a stampede .
The wholesale death of cattle as a result of blizzards , and sometimes droughts , over a wide range of territory was called a `` die-up '' .
Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the `` winter kill '' .
Them new to the country were referred to as `` pilgrims '' .
This word was first applied to the imported hot-blooded cattle , but later was more commonly used as reference to a human tenderfoot .
A `` cattaloe '' was a hybrid offspring of buffalo and cattle .
Cows givin' no milk were knowed as `` strippers '' .
The terminology of the range , in speakin' of `` dry stock '' and `` wet stock '' , was confusin' to the tenderfoot .
After a roundup the pushin' of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called `` throwin' over '' .
A cow rose from the ground rear end first .
Shippin' cattle by train was called a `` stock run '' .
The cow , unlike a bull or steer , kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when chargin' , and a cow `` on the prod '' or `` on the peck '' was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other charges .
Listenin' with wonder at the strange words of the bullwhackers as they shouted `` Whoa '' , `` Haw '' , and `` Gee '' , they thought them words the names of the animals , and began callin' cattle `` wohaws '' .
Though the slightest yank was frequently capable of producin' results , many men assured success through a turn of the tail 'bout the saddle horn , supplemented sometimes , in the case of cattle , by a downward heave of the rider's leg upon the strainin' tail .
Such tactics were resorted to frequently with the unmanageable longhorns , and a thorough `` tailin' '' usually knocked the breath out of a steer , and so dazed 'im that he'd behave for the rest of the day .
It required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider .
`` Bull tailin' '' was a game once pop'lar with the Mexican cowboys of Texas .
From a pen of wild bulls one would be released , and with much yellin' a cowhand'd take after 'im .
An animal covered with splotches or spots of different colors was called a `` brindle '' or `` brockle '' .
Such an animal was said to be `` mealynosed '' .
`` Yeller bellies '' were cattle of Mexican breed splotched on flank and belly with yellerish color .
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler .
Countin' each grazin' bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and driftin' it back so that it didn't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a `` range count '' .
The countin' of cattle in a pasture without throwin' 'em together for the purpose was called a `` pasture count '' .
Them notes and mortgages were spoken of as `` cattle paper '' .
A `` book count '' was the sellin' of cattle by the books , commonly resorted to in the early days , sometimes much to the profit of the seller .
In this carefree sentence he summed up the essence of the prevailin' custom of buyin' by book count , and created a sayin' which has survived through the years .
No matter by what name cattle were called , there was no denyin' that they not only saved Texas from financial ruin , but went far toward redeemin' from a wilderness vast territories of the Northwest .
Again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in .
Eventually herdin' the hosses was spoken of as `` hoss rustlin' '' , and the wrangler was called the `` hoss rustler '' .
Later , the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow thief , startin' from the days of the maverick when cowhands were paid by their employers to `` get out and rustle a few mavericks '' .
He found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before , and he circled once , nose to the ground , hair shooting up along his back , as it did when he was after lion or bear , and then he lifted his head and bayed , and the pack joined in , all heads high , and Jones knew it was a hot trail .
He stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain .
The dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ?
The pack had made a bend to the north , swinging back toward the Reef , and Kearton and Ulyate could hear them faintly .
A motley pack , chosen for effectiveness , not beauty .
Jones was galloping close behind them leaning down , cheering them on .
He threw green stuff on it , and a thin blue column of smoke rose .
Two quick shots sounded .
Then there was a chorus of wild barking and baying .
It came from the top of the Reef not half a mile away .
The route was choked with rugged lava-rocks , creepers and bushes , so thickly overgrown that when Kearton lost sight of Ulyate and called , Ulyate answered from ten feet away .
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what Ulyate saw : Jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her .
She's just the other side of that bush '' ! !
And when they had drawn back a step he added : `` Jones is sitting on his horse right in front of her .
Jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the Reef .
Intuition told him , however , that she was tired and winded from the run up the Reef and would not charge , yet .
He moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her , being careful , because he knew the female is less predictable than the male .
( In the graveyard at Nairobi he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to lasso .
Of the thirty-four , seventeen had been killed by lions , and eleven out of the seventeen by lionesses .
He threw the lasso .
It was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock .
But John nipped her rear end -- one lion's rear end was as good as another to John , Africa , Arizona no matter -- and she changed ends and took a swipe at John , but he ducked back .
Jones then recoiled his rope and threw again , this time hitting her on the back but failing to encircle her .
She whirled and faced him , roaring terribly , and Ulyate , watching through the leaves , could not understand why she did not charge and obliterate him , because he wouldn't have much of a chance of getting away , in that thick growth , but she seemed just a trace uncertain ; ;
while Jones , on the other hand , appeared perfectly confident and Ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer .
But now she sank lower to the rock .
Although she appeared more subdued and defeated , Jones knew she was growing more dangerous .
Bring me the firecrackers '' .
For such an emergency he had included Fourth-of-July cannon crackers as part of their equipment .
But she clung to the rocks and brush , and the day wore away .
The dogs were tired .
The men were tired too .
And the sun was beginning to go down .
`` I'll get a pole '' , Jones said finally , `` and I'll poke a noose over her head '' ! !
At this moment she was crouched in a cave-like aperture halfway down the Reef .
Loveless , too , objected .
John himself was bruised and clawed from head to tail , but he was in this fight to the finish , running almost as strongly now as in the morning .
She had chosen the spot well .
`` Careful , now '' , Jones warned .
Very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding , edging closer , watching for a chance to throw , but ready to spin and run , rope whining about his head , horse edging tensely under him , but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion .
They tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion , but these didn't .
Means edged closer .
She snarled warningly .
Means spit and edged on .
She charged .
Means spun and spurred .
Means held steady one jump ahead of her .
Then gradually he began to pull away .
Of course the factor of head start made all the difference .
No one knew exactly .
The lioness quickly changed front , when she saw she couldn't catch Means , and made for Jones .
Somewhere in the few scant yards of head start was the determining point .
When Jones too drew away , she returned to a thorn bush in the neck of land running into the gully , crouched low and waited as before .
So : Means edged around on the north side of her , Jones moved in from the south .
He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back .
Kearton began shouting , `` Wait , wait -- the camera's jammed '' ! !
The missionary obligation to proclaim the gospel to all the world was once left to zealous individuals and voluntary societies .
The most serious weakness of the ecumenical movement today is that it is generally regarded as the responsibility of a few national leaders in each denomination and a few interdenominational executives .
Most pastors and laymen , even though they believe it to be important , assume that the ecumenical movement lies outside the province of their parishes .
They may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the `` ecclesiastical Rover Boys '' , as someone has dubbed them , who like to go to national and international assemblies , and have expense accounts that permit them to do so .
The next stage ahead is that of making it thoroughly at home in the local community .
Progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the National Council or the World Council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors .
Until they see the ecumenical movement in terms of the difference it makes in their own attitudes , programs , and relationships , it will have an inevitable aspect of unreality .
The ecumenical congregation
The decisive question is what happens within each congregation and , finally , in the minds and hearts of the individual members .
It is here that the ecumenical must become local and the local become ecumenical .
This way of describing the matter is unfortunate .
The basic unit in the church , of whatever denominational polity , is always the congregation .
Their characteristic experience is that of the individual at an altar or a shrine rather than that of a continuing social group with a distinctive kind of fellowship .
The koinonia of Acts and of the Epistles means sharing in a common relation to Christ .
This may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom , on the level of merely human agreeableness , we might prefer not to have any association at all .
Of course , the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place .
Each viewpoint is valid if it is organically related to the other .
Neither is adequate if it stands alone .
And this is what all too often happens .
With great difficulty he made his way from his native Hungary to Geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the Provisional Committee for the World Council of Churches .
They were bifocals .
He often spoke of them as his `` ecumenical '' glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church .
On the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town .
As a result , they go on thinking of the church , with introverted and self-centered satisfaction , only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families .
It would hardly be an exaggeration to say that ninety per cent of the energy of most churches -- whether in terms of finance or spiritual concern -- is poured into the private and domestic interests of the members .
The gap between the ecumenical perspective and the parish perspective appears most starkly in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs .
It is growing in numbers .
Its people are agreeable friends .
It provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled .
It helps children grow up with at least a nodding acquaintance with the Bible .
It draws young people into the circle of those who continue the life of the church from generation to generation .
But what is this church doing to help its members understand their roles as Christians in the world ? ?
It is not stirring them to confront the racial tensions of today with the mind of Christ .
It is not making them sensitive to the sub-Christian level of much of our economic and industrial life .
To put it bluntly , many a local church is giving its members only what they consciously want .
He built a school and a library , then a recreation center and an inn .
The story reflects the way too many people feel .
As long as the congregation regards the church as `` our '' church , or the minister thinks of it as `` my '' church , just so long the ecumenical movement will make no significant advance .
A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church .
It would doubtless be greatly surprised to be told that in failing to be ecumenical it is really failing to be the Church of Christ .
Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms ; ;
and buggies and wagons and chugging Fords kept gathering all morning , until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept scampering out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors -- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap .
Every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the enraptured audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped ( and because their right fielder was still a little fuzzy from drink , they dropped many ) called forth yelps of derision .
At one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys , he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score .
G'ahn back home ! !
You hay-shakers '' ! !
Nearly any lad with a modicum of skill might find a payday awaiting him in the Three I League , or the Pony League , or the Coastal Plains League , or the fast Eastern League , if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that abounded everywhere .
Even a city of thirty thousand might have six baseball teams , sponsored by grocers and hardware merchants or department stores , that played two or three times a week throughout the summer , usually in the cool of the evening , before an earnest and partisan audience who did not begrudge a quarter each , or even more , to be dropped into a hat when the game was half over .
Other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching Ruth , who was still called Jidge by all his friends , or Leo or Two-Head by those who dared to taunt him ( Leo was the name of the ball player he liked the least ) and who called most of the world `` Kid '' .
Lou Gehrig was given the nickname Buster , and he ran Ruth a close race in home runs .
But the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for Ruth in `` color '' -- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field .
Ruth was a delinquent boy still , but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it .
One who , for a time , succeeded best and was still the sorriest of all was Charles Arthur Shires , who called himself , in the newspapers , Art the Great , or The Great Shires .
He was given to public carousing and to acting the clown on the diamond ; ;
) The sorry fact about this young man , who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball , was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being -- never so good as he claimed , and always an irritant to his associates , but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to orate on his skills or cut up in public .
There were others who climbed flagpoles and refused to come down ; ;
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ;
or who essayed to down full bottles of illicit gin without pausing for breath .
One young man , exhilarated to the point of insanity by liquor and the excitement of the moment , performed a perfect swan dive out of the stands at the Yale Bowl during the Yale-Army football game , landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below , and died at once .
But the twenties were not all insanity and a striving after recognition .
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire .
But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall .
But , as he snarled unhappily when the inning was over , `` not a sonofabitch in the place would tell me '' , so little Tommy ran all the way home .
While women had always attended ball games in small numbers ( it was the part of a `` dead game sport '' in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root , root , root for the home team ) , they had often sat in patient martyrdom , unable even to read the scoreboard , which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and fifty-one .
The questions women asked at baseball games were standard grist for amateur comedy , as were the doings of women automobile drivers ; ;
And women were not expected to know that the pitcher was trying not to let the batter hit the ball .
Women actually began to appear unaccompanied in the stands , where they still occasionally ran the risk of coming home with a tobacco-juice stain on a clean skirt or a new curse word tingling their ears .
The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school .
Hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age , Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises .
Within Erikson's schema , the adolescent's delinquent behavior -- in this case , her unwed motherhood -- reflects her `` identity diffusion '' , or her inability to resolve these various identity crises positively .
The adolescent experiences identity crises in terms of time perspective vs. time diffusion .
Time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives -- is more easily developed if , from infancy on , the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives .
Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion .
Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately .
Some of these mothers , apparently feeling a desperate urgency , made , on the spur of the moment , commitments , in love and sex , that would have life-long consequences .
Others displayed utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the past or the future .
However , as Erickson has noted , the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be irreversibly deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his ( or her ) adolescence .
and role-experimentation vs. negative identity .
However , if the child has been constantly surrounded , during nursery and early school age , by peer groups ; ;
inculcated with the primacy of group acceptance and group standards ; ;
and allowed little initiative in early play and work patterns -- then in adolescence her normal degree of vanity , sensitivity , and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior acceptable , will be compounded .
She may well be incapacitated by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives -- e.g. , whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a homemaker ; ;
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school ; ;
This paralysis may be expressed in the female's starting -- and never completing -- many jobs , tasks , and courses of study ; ;
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work , college , carreer , and studies on what others are doing , rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills , abilities , likes , and dislikes .
The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship .
These things both express and , at the same time , continue contributing to , their identity diffusion in an area that could have become a source of developing dignity and self-certainty .
As their identity diffusion increased , they became more susceptible to sporadic diversions in love and sexual affairs .
These affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship , no sense of dignity derived from a job well done .
Childhood experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable significance for the prevention of illegitimacy .
The excerpts from case histories presented above confirm this significance , though through different facets of experience .
For example , some unwed mothers had had no work experiences , household chores , and responsibilities during childhood and early adolescence ; ;
On the other hand , some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age , and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and initiative , that their work and responsibilities became dull and unrewarding burdens -- to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior .
It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .
In another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs .
and they censured parents who `` never disciplined and were too permissive '' or who `` never explained how easy it was to get pregnant '' .
An estimate of one million dollars is probably not excessive .
Yet the huge amount of money consumed by the Selden litigation , which many regarded as wasteful , indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure .
Observing that `` reforms sometimes begin with the contemplation of horrible examples '' , Hough catalogued the many abuses encouraged by existing procedures .
the `` objections stated at outrageous length '' ; ;
and the frequent and rancorous verbal bouts , `` uncalled for and unjustifiable , from the retort discourteous to the lie direct '' .
Inventors joined lawyers in the clamor for reform , inevitably centering upon the Selden litigation as a `` horrible example '' .
Its costive deliberations were likened to those of the British courts of chancery mercilessly caricatured by Dickens in Bleak House .
Parker , who agreed with much of this criticism , did not conceal his dissatisfaction with procedural defects .
But he felt that the Selden case was being unfairly pilloried .
Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony .
The vast industrial interests caught up in the Selden suit , as well as the complex character of the automotive art , encouraged both sides to exploit `` every possible chance '' for or against the patent , said Parker .
Parker listed the remedies he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony .
The most important of these found him in agreement with Hough's plea for reform .
Parker called for abolition of the indiscriminate or uncontrolled right of taking depositions before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony .
The taking of depositions , he suggested , should be placed under a special court examiner empowered to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude immaterial testimony .
`` I am satisfied that in the Selden case had this power existed and this course ( been ) pursued , it would have shortened the depositions of some of the experts nearly one-half and of some of the other witnesses thereto more than that '' .
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform .
Under the new rules , testimony is taken orally in open court in all cases except those of an extraordinary character .
Other expeditious methods are designed to prevent prolixity , limit delays , and reduce the expense of infringement suits .
One of the A.L.A.M. lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been contained in one volume '' .
3
.
Even before it was formally dissolved in 1912 , the A.L.A.M. was succeeded by the Automobile Board of Trade , the direct lineal ancestor of the present-day Automobile Manufacturers Association .
Its origin lies in the Selden patent controversy and its aftermath .
This scheme failed , and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in 1912 .
In this tangle of conflicting claims , the patent-sharing scheme adopted by the A.L.A.M. at its founding proved to be the best device for avoiding or mitigating the burdens of incessant litigation .
But Henry Ford used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor .
For those affiliated with it , the A.L.A.M. pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900 .
By 1910 the courts were crowded with cases , many of them brought by freebooters who trafficked in disputed inventions .
`` Purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view '' , commented a trade journal , `` the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business , instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation '' .
Occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications .
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' .
By that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was sapping constructive achievement and blocking the free exchange of technical information .
It will be recalled that in his summation for the A.L.A.M. before Judge Hough , Fish had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the American industrial community .
He was well aware that some inventors and their allies used their patents solely for nuisance value .
It remained in force for ten years and has been renewed at five-year intervals since 1925 .
A little farther along the road you come to the Church of Santa Sabina , called the `` Pearl of the Aventine '' .
Retrace your steps a few yards on the Via Di Santa Sabina and turn right on the Via Di S. Alessio , a street lined with stately homes .
Turn left a block or so before the street ends , and then turn right down the Via Di Santa Prisca to the Viale Aventino .
The renaissance city
to the piazza Navona and pantheon
You will walk some of the narrow , old streets , hemmed in by massive palazzi .
The majestic circular tiers of stone of the Theatre of Marcellus give you some idea of the huge edifice that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 B.C. .
Andrea Palladio , an Italian architect of the sixteenth century , modeled his designs on its Doric and Ionic columns .
Climb the steps from the theatre to the Via Della Tribuna Di Campitelli for an even better view of the Columns of Apollo .
Stand here for a few moments and look at this gem of a fountain with its four youths , each holding a tortoise and each with a foot resting on the head of a dolphin .
Go inside for a closer look at a Renaissance palace .
In the first courtyard there are some fine bas-reliefs and friezes , and in the second a series of delightful terraced roof gardens above an ivy-covered wall .
Keep straight ahead on the Via Falegnami , cross the wide Via Arenula , and you will come to the Piazza B. Cairoli , where you should look in at the Church of San Carlo Ai Catinari to see the frescoes on the ceiling .
Follow the colorful and busy Via D. Giubbonari for a hundred yards or so .
Now turn left at the Via dell' Arco Del Monte to the Piazza Dei Pellegrini .
Just a few yards to the right on the Via Capo Di Ferro will bring you to the Palazzo Spada , built in 1540 and now occupied by the Council of State .
( This is shown in the afternoon and on Sunday morning .
When you stand before the barrel-vaulted colonnade you have the impression that the statue at the end is at a considerable distance , yet it is actually only a few feet away .
The gardens of the palazzo , shaded by a huge magnolia tree , are most attractive .
From the Palazzo Spada you continue another block along the Via Capo Di Ferro and Vicolo De Venti to the imposing Palazzo Farnese , begun in 1514 and considered by many to be the finest palace of all .
Ask to see the modern tapestries of Paris and Rome designed by Lurcat .
Directly in front of the palace along the Via D. Baullari you will come to the Campo Di Fiori , the famous site of executions during the turbulent days of Renaissance Rome .
As you approach the church on the Via D. Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the Roman Theatre of Pompey , near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was assassinated .
The dome of the church is , outside of St. Peter's , one of the largest in Rome .
Opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of Tosca .
At this point you cross the wide Corso Vittorio Emanuele 2 , , walk along the Corso Del Rinascimento a couple of hundred yards , then turn left on the Via Dei Canestrani to enter the splendid Piazza Navona , one of the truly glorious sights in Rome .
The site of the oblong piazza is Domitian's ancient stadium , which was probably used for horse and chariot races .
Giovanni Bernini's `` Fountain of the Rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks , with four huge figures , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube , the Ganges , the Nile , and the Plate .
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone , the work of Bernini's rival , Borromini .
In the Piazza Navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit , have a drink or lunch , and watch the fountains in the square .
Inside you will find the lovely Sibyls painted by Raphael and a chapel designed by Michelangelo .
In front of you is the Palazzo Madama , once belonging to the Medici and now the Italian Senate .
The Pantheon's interior , still in its original form , is truly majestic and an architectural triumph .
Its rotunda forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling .
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome .
One block along the Via De Burro ( in front of the church ) will bring you to the Stock Exchange in the old Temple of Neptune .
The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Horse races took place here in the Middle Ages .
To the Spanish steps
The second walk through the heart of Rome should be taken after lunch , so that you will reach the Pincian Hill when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best .
The businessmen and racketeers also have a story .
( And this is not , perhaps , the place to discuss Harlem's very complex attitude toward black policemen , nor the reasons , according to Harlem , that they are nearly all downtown .
)
It is hard , on the other hand , to blame the policeman , blank , good-natured , thoughtless , and insuperably innocent , for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves .
He , too , believes in good intentions and is astounded and offended when they are not taken for the deed .
He has never , himself , done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has ? ?
-- and yet he is facing , daily and nightly , people who would gladly see him dead , and he knows it .
There is no way for him not to know it : there are few things under heaven more unnerving than the silent , accumulating contempt and hatred of a people .
He moves through Harlem , therefore , like an occupying soldier in a bitterly hostile country ; ;
And he is not the only one who knows why he is always in company : the people who are watching him know why , too .
Any street meeting , sacred or secular , which he and his colleagues uneasily cover has as its explicit or implicit burden the cruelty and injustice of the white domination .
He cannot avoid observing that some of the children , in spite of their color , remind him of children he has known and loved , perhaps even of his own children .
He can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction : into a callousness which very shortly becomes second nature .
He becomes more callous , the population becomes more hostile , the situation grows more tense , and the police force is increased .
Before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened .
The idea seems to threaten profound , barely conscious assumptions .
I tried to explain what has happened , unfailingly , whenever a significant body of Negroes move North .
They do not move to Chicago , they move to the South Side ; ;
White people hold the line as long as they can , and in as many ways as they can , from verbal intimidation to physical violence .
Well , in the first place , it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is `` worse '' .
He was born in the North and did his military training in the South .
He did not , as far as I can gather , find the South `` worse '' ; ;
In the second place , though , even if Birmingham is worse , no doubt Johannesburg , South Africa , beats it by several miles , and Buchenwald was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world .
This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling .
The emptier our hearts become , the greater will be our crimes .
As far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner : the Southerner remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him .
Personally , it is the Southerner's sexual coming of age , when , without any warning , unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past .
Negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of carnality .
Southerners see them all the time .
The country will not change until it re-examines itself and discovers what it really means by freedom .
In the meantime , generations keep being born , bitterness is increased by incompetence , pride , and folly , and the world shrinks around us .
Walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we , this nation , have become .
East River , downtown : postscript to a letter from Harlem
Stevenson's speech , and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery , were both touched off by the death , in Katanga , the day before , of Patrice Lumumba .
And I was curious about the African reaction .
Had I been there , I , too , in the eyes of most Americans , would have been merely a pawn in the hands of the Communists .
The climate and the events of the last decade , and the steady pressure of the `` cold '' war , have given Americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination , and so it has been decided that the riots were `` Communist '' inspired .
One has only , for example , to walk through Harlem and ask oneself two questions .
And the second question is : Why don't those who now live here move out ? ?
Their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity .
Color was delayed until 1935 , the wide screen until the early fifties .
Movement itself was the chief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the nineties .
As long as audiences came to see the movement , there seemed little reason to adventure further .
Brief snips of actual events were shown : parades , dances , street scenes .
The sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity : a train rushes straight at the audience , or a great wave threatens to break over the seats .
The unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold ; ;
the headsman swung his axe ; ;
the head dropped off ; ;
An early film by a competitor of the Wizard of Menlo Park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage .
In the field of entertainment there is no spur to financial daring so effective as audience boredom , and the first decade of the new device was not over before audiences began staying away in large numbers from the simple-minded , one-minute shows .
Thus such great American documentaries as The River and The Plow That Broke The Plains were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures .
Of the two , Porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands .
Melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film .
One of these is the `` dissolve '' , which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene .
In a series of fairy tales and fantasies , Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story , with beginning , middle and end , complications , resolutions , climaxes , and conclusions .
Physically , a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye `` remembers '' the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing .
Linking the smoothly changing images together , the eye itself endows them with the illusion of movement .
The `` projection '' time of painting and sculpture is highly subjective , varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different occasions .
So is the time of the novel .
The film consists of a series of still , transparent photographs , or `` frames '' , 35-mm.-wide .
Each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen , at the rate , for silent movies , of 16 frames per second , and , for sound films , 24 frames per second .
This is the rate of projection ; ;
Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end -- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence .
the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .
This discovery of Melies was vastly more important than his sometimes dazzling , magician's tricks produced on film .
A band of robbers enters a railroad station , overpowers and ties up the telegraph operator , holds up the train and escapes .
A posse is formed and pursues the robbers , who , having made their escape , are whooping it up with some wild , wild women in a honky-tonk hide-out .
The robbers run from the hide-out , take cover in a wooded declivity , and are shot dead by the posse .
If the change , at first sight , seems minor , we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change , and the Italian painters , by universal consent , were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen .
In that apparently simple shift Porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device .
He did more than that .
Cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film .
The physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence , and the cut edge is joined physically , by cement , to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence .
If , as a home movie maker , you shoot the inevitable footage of your child taking its first steps , you have merely recorded an historical event .
As the robbers leave the looted train , the film suddenly cuts back to the station , where the telegrapher's little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor .
She dashes around in alarm .
The two events are taking place at the same time .
it presumes both speed and urgency and it demands cutting -- both from pursued to pursuer and from stage to stage of the journey of both .
The simple , naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction .
The cowboy films , the cops and robbers films , and the slapstick comedy films culminating in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence ; ;
When he came to the movies -- more or less by accident -- they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the unthinking for an idle few minutes .
In about seven years Griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film maker .
Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film .
Not that there had not been attempts , mostly European , to do exactly that .
But in general the European efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself .
In all of this extensive and expensive effort , the camera was downgraded to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author .
Not surprisingly , this approach did not work .
A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; ;
Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; ;
the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition .
The breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city blight account for the decline of central city churches .
Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ;
they can lose higher- and lower-status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration .
The congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group ; ;
If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do .
in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish .
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration .
There is much talk in theological circles about the `` Church as Mission '' and the `` Church's Mission '' ; ;
A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism .
If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration .
The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation .
) In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; ;
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ;
If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact .
On the surface , this seems a sound approach to Christian mission : members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people ; ;
the new people respond in kind by joining the church .
Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; ;
The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) .
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood .
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; ;
In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation .
nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development .
It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends -- expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings .
These trends seem to be working at cross-purposes in the metropolis .
The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized ; ;
It now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture , for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings .
The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations .
This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment .
Consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests .
Negroes , Puerto Ricans , and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities .
The identification of the basic unit of religious organization -- the parish or congregation -- with a residential area is self-defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation .
Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion .
It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities .
Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; ;
The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need .
The directors sold directly to concessionaires , who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company .
The lavish use of presents had been effective in expanding the Indian trade of New France and Louisiana in the previous century , and the change in liberality aroused resentment in the minds of the red men .
Traders from the English colonies were far more generous , and Indian loyalty turned to them .
They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts .
For southeastern Louisiana , Mobile was the principal post , and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east , in the region threatened by British traders .
West of the Mobile district was the lower Mississippi district , of which New Orleans was headquarters .
On the middle Mississippi a principal post was to be located near the mouth of the Arkansas .
On the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near Kaskaskia , and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri , `` where there are mines in abundance '' .
An elaborate system of accounting and reports was worked out , and the trade was to be managed in the most scientific way .
New Orleans supplied the goods for the trade on the Mississippi , and west of that river , and on the Ohio and Wabash .
The power that Bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined .
Regulations for the Indian trade were made by the Conseil superieure de la Louisiane , and Bienville apparently did not have control of that body .
The Conseil even treated the serious matter of British aggression as its business and , on its own authority , sent to disaffected savages merchandise `` suitable for the peltry trade '' .
It decided , also , that the purely secular efforts of Bienville were insufficient , and sent missionaries to win the savages from the heathen Carolinians .
During the first administration of Bienville , the peltry trade of the Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue .
These deerskins were the raw material for the manufacture of leather , and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for European goods .
De La Laude , commander of the Alabama post , had the friendship of the natives , and was able to make them look upon the British as poor competitors .
Diron D'Artaguette , the most prominent trader in the district , was energetic and resourceful , but his methods often aroused the ire of the French governors .
He became , after a time , commander of a post on the Alabama River , but his operations extended from Mobile throughout the district , and he finally obtained a monopoly of the Indian trade .
In 1720 some Chickasaws massacred the French traders among them , and did not make peace for four years .
Venturesome traders , however , continued to come to them from Mobile , and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets .
His urgings brought some results .
But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country .
The insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indians , in order to drive back the Carolina traders , was probably a factor that led to his recall in 1724 .
For two years his friend and cousin , Boisbriant , remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance .
Although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the invaders , and even kill some of them , the Carolina advance continued .
These agents were to ascertain the difference between English and French goods , and the prices charged the Indians .
They were to conciliate the unfriendly savages , and , wherever possible , to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina .
The savages divided into two factions ; ;
So hostile did these factions become that , among the Choctaws , civil war broke out .
Perier's efforts , however , were on the whole ineffective in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district , and he decided to send troops into the troubled country .
No help came from the crown , and Perier , in desperation , gave a monopoly of the Indian trade in the district to D'Artaguette .
The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders , who swarmed over the country , almost to the Mississippi .
With the loss of the Mobile trade , which ended all profits from Louisiana , the Natchez Indians revolted .
The war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts .
In January , 1731 , the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony .
Others left the country , and there was no one familiar with the Indian trade .
If this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois .
He reported , too , that among the habitants there were none of probity and ability sufficient to justify entrusting them with the King's goods .
In order to compete with English traders , Bienville radically changed the price schedule .
The King should expect no profit , and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France , which would cover the expense of transportation and handling , was all he charged the traders .
They would not be pleased to have it published back home that they planned a frolic in Paris or Hong Kong at the Treasury's expense .
Businessmen will rise if Congress attacks the Commerce Department .
The congressman's patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the Defense Department .
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write .
With all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly .
No such political restraint subdues his blood when he gazes upon the State Department in anger .
After all , the money dispensed by State goes not to the farmer , the laborer , or the businessman , but to foreigners .
Not only do these foreigners not vote for American congressmen ; ;
And are not the State Department men who dispense this largesse merely crackpots and do-gooders who have never met a payroll ? ?
The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife .
People in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers .
The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion .
its embassies are expected to supply him with reams of local money to pay his way ; ;
But come the next session of Congress , State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats .
The congressman who , in Paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury .
In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative John J. Rooney , of Brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses .
`` The trouble , '' explained Loy Henderson , then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' .
Next day , reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that , that year , expense allowances would not rise a dollar .
They didn't .
So was the attack upon Charles E. Bohlen when Eisenhower appointed him Ambassador to Moscow .
Their successors , absorbing the lesson , made it a point to have few ideas .
This , in turn , brought a new fashion in senatorial criticism as the Democrats took control .
For three or four years in the mid-1950's , this complaint was heard rumbling up from the Senate floor whenever there was a dull legislative afternoon .
It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself .
An equally tenable thesis is that the dearth of new thought was created by the Senate's own penchant for crucifying anyone whose ideas seem unorthodox to the next generation .
there are ninety-eight foreign embassies and legations in Washington .
Here is the world of the chauffeured limousine and the gossip reporter , of caviar on stale crackers and the warm martini , of the poseur , the spy , the party crasher , and the patriot , of the rented tails , the double cross , and the tired Lothario .
Here are hatched plans for getting a share of the American bounty , the secret of the anti-missile missile , or an invitation to dinner .
Some , like the British and the French , maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene .
Menshikov hit Washington with a TV announcer's grin and a hearty handclasp .
Where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants , Menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails .
Speeches by the Soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural Maryland Rotarians and National Press Club alike .
And that Menshikov replied : `` Just call me Mike '' .
For a few giddy months that coincided with one of Moscow's smiling moods , he was the sensation of Washington .
When King Saud visited Washington , the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family .
The size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower .
And how many of these were sons ? ?
The sheik smiled and murmured : `` That is precisely correct '' .
I know now why our Japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom .
In the afternoon Miss Hosaka and her mother invited me to go with them and young Mrs. Kodama to see the famous Spring dances of the Geisha dancers .
Mrs. Hosaka is one of the Japanese women one reads about -- beautiful , artistically talented , an artful manager of her big household -- ( four boys and four girls ) , and yet looking like a pampered , gentle Japanese woman .
There is a great deal of thought being given to the question of moral education in the schools .
The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles , but the younger people , who have lost all faith and convictions , are now parents .
Parents indulge their children .
In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good .
My hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by Masu and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen , but it was fun for once to be elegant -- I did explain to the students , however , that this was not my usual style , for their salaries are very small , and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well .
I arrived at 7:00 a.m. and by 9:00 a.m. I had finished breakfast and was on my way to see what they had planned .
We walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens .
We visited the Okamoto home -- where for the first time I saw the famous tea ceremony .
At 6:00 p.m. we went to the Kyoto Spring dances at the place where these beautiful dances originated .
After a supper of unagi ( rice with eel -- eel which is raised in an ice-cold pond at the foot of Mt. Fuji ) , I returned to my beautiful room to sleep as hard as possible to be ready for another busy day .
We started at 9 a.m. to visit the Kyoto University where Mr. Washizu is attending .
We had tea at Mr. Washizu's home where I learned that he , too , comes from a very wealthy family .
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest ; ;
and he , being the eldest , was supposed to be a priest , but he chose to do differently , and one of his brothers is to become the priest .
This is a significant fact in Japan , for only a few years ago he would have had no choice .
He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them .
About 100 of the most important items he had already given to the museum .
Nara , Osaka , and Hiroshima
Here Mr. Yoneda met us after a three-hour train trip from the town where he teaches .
Again the plan was for me to go alone , but they wouldn't let me .
At Osaka , Mr. Yoneda had to leave us to get the train to his home , but Mr. Nishima and I had an hour and a half before train time to see Osaka at night .
In the midst of a great busy city , people take time to enjoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light .
My train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of 4:45 a.m. .
Everything was in an exciting turmoil -- full of anticipation and fun .
It was thrilling to see the effect of an American-trained teacher on Japanese students in a class in Home Planning .
Many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in American homes , but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using Japanese artfulness in our own Western architecture at the same time that the Japanese are adopting Western utility patterns .
Even today there are some doubts about the value of education for Japanese women , but this University continues to grow and to send its students out into the community .
Masu is also teaching in a municipally-sponsored school for Japanese widows in Tokyo .
Here the women learn to keep house as maids ; ;
They learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family .
They have model kitchens , a sick room with a model patient in bed , and a nursery with a life-like doll .
Occasionally they return for additional training .
Masu's home economics training comes into play as she designs cupboards along modern functional lines for the storage of cleaning materials .
Masu also uses the training she got in an American home where she learned to polish furniture , clean corners , and work effectively in keeping a shiny house .
University of Tokyo
After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria , the kitchen of which Masu had planned , Mr. Washizu and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo .
Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see , but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant .
Then the boycott would not be secondary , but a primary one .
It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which , for love's sake and for the sake of justice , must be removed , and , indivisible from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy .
Such a general boycott might still be a blunt or indiscriminating instrument , and therefore of questionable justification .
Action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate .
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man .
The need that we not give unqualified approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual doers of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that White Citizens' Councils seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence .
An unlimited use of economic pressures for diametrically opposite causes could devastate the pre-conditions of any fellow humanity as surely as this would be destroyed by the use of more obviously brutal means .
The language used itself often makes very clear that this is only another form of struggle for victory ( perhaps to be chosen above all others ) .
One of the sit-in leaders has said : `` Nobody from the top of Heaven to the bottom of Hell can stop the march to freedom .
The present writer certainly agrees with that statement , and would also affirm this -- in the order of justice .
However , it is also a Christian insight to know that unless charity interpenetrates justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward .
A trial of strength , however , is made quite inevitable by virtue of the fact that anyone engaging in non-violent resistance will be convinced that his action is based on sounder values than those of his opponent ; ;
and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to defeat such causes non-violently .
Since the will and word of God are for them concentrated in Christ-like love , it seems clear to them that non-violent resistance is quite another thing .
These principles we have now set forth .
Economy in the use of power needs not only to be asserted , but clearly specified ; ;
Economy in the use of power means more than inflicting a barely intolerable pressure upon an opponent and upon the injustice opposed .
The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good .
In these terms , the `` economic withdrawal '' of the Negroes of Nashville , Tennessee , from trading in the center city , for example , was clearly justified , since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out .
`` Billions of American dollars , not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U.S. taxpayers '' , this author states , `` are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression , the persecution , and the almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white '' .
Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of America , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , U.S. Code Title 19 , Section 1307 , which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor .
Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration .
since Bourbon whiskey , though of Kentucky origin , is at least as much favored by liberals in the North as by conservatives in the South .
The nature of the opposition between liberals and Bourbons is too little understood in the North .
It is these other differences between North and South -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein .
A Southerner married to a New Englander , I have lived for many years in a Connecticut commuting town with a high percentage of artists , writers , publicity men , and business executives of egghead tastes .
This is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism , because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson , who held that the best government was the least government .
Yet paradoxically my liberal friends continue to view Jefferson as one of their patron saints .
When I question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy , I find that they fall into two categories : the simpler ones who have simply accepted the shibboleths of their faith without analysis ; ;
and the intelligent , cynical ones who scornfully reply that these things don't count any more in the world of to-day .
As for states' rights , they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms .
The American liberal may , in the world of to-day , have a strong case ; ;
but he presents it publicly so enmeshed in hypocrisy that it is not an honest one .
Why , in the first place , call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody ? ?
And if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ?
I am concerned here , however , with the Northern liberal's attitude toward the South .
It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends .
I do not think that my experience would be typical for Southerners living in the North .
From my wife's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles .
The strong feeling is certainly there ; ;
My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War .
Prior to 1954 I imagine that a majority of Southerners would have voted against the Confederacy .
Old attitudes are held more tenaciously in the Tidewater than the Piedmont ; ;
so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new , but with , of course , important minority enclaves .
The long-settled areas of states like Virginia and South Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest flowering , and there the memory is more precious , and the consciousness of loss the greater .
In certain respects defeat increased the persistent Anglophilia of the Old South .
Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country .
Among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors .
but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did .
Southern resentment has been over the method of its ending , the invasion , and Reconstruction ; ;
their fears now are of miscegenation and Negro political control in many counties .
But apart from racial problems , the old unreconstructed South -- to use the moderate words favored by Mr. Thomas Griffith -- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North .
And this , in effect , means most of modern America .
And therein , I feel , many Northerners delude themselves about the South .
For one thing , this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed .
I suppose the reason is a kind of wishful thinking : don't talk about the final stages of Reconstruction and they will take care of themselves .
Regardless of rights and wrongs , a population and an area appropriate to a pre-World-War- 1 great power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike .
The fact is due mainly to international wars , both hot and cold .
So instead of being tests of the South's loyalty , the Spanish War , the two World Wars , and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion .
And there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism .
It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have .
but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom .
The two main charges levelled against the Bourbons by liberals is that they are racists and social reactionaries .
Many Northeners believe this , too , but few of them will say so publicly .
The Bourbon economic philosophy , moreover , is not very different from that of Northern conservatives .
As it is , they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism , that in spite of its high standard of living the `` American way '' has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways , although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter .
Their own easier , slower tempo is especially dear to Southerners ; ;
In the past , the duties of the state , as Sir Henry Maine noted long ago , were only two in number : internal order and external security .
It became the sole `` subject '' of `` international law '' ( a term which , it is pertinent to remember , was coined by Bentham ) , a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena .
Speaking generally , it furthered -- and still tends to further -- the interests of the Western powers .
The enormous changes in world politics have , however , thrown it into confusion , so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era .
)
That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman .
Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have incidentally benefited .
Social Darwinism was able to stave off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century .
However , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasons , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity .
Already firmly implanted internally , it is a growing factor in external matters .
A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner .
The `` positive state '' came into existence .
For lawyers , reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious `` Court-packing plan '' , the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation .
Of greater importance , however , is the content of those programs , which have had and are having enormous consequences for the American people .
A national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary .
Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952 , the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be .
Internal national responsibility , now a truism , need not be documented .
less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946 , by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment .
Hands-off the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through planning -- the economic side of the constitutional revolution .
In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a `` state's-responsibility '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus .
The American people have indeed come a long way in the brief interval between 1930 and 1961 .
Internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the Industrial Revolution .
A measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the International Congress of Jurists in 1959 .
Recognizing that the Rule of Law is `` a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society '' , the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility `` to establish social , economic , educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized '' .
Whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish .
External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations .
Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle .
For it includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit .
Almost febrile in intensity , the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm .
By subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has , to some degree at least , broadened the capacity for individual liberty .
( Whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world , and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects , are other questions .
It is one of the ironic quirks of history that the viability and usefulness of nationalism and the territorial state are rapidly dissipating at precisely the time that the nation-state attained its highest number ( approximately 100 ) .
In other words , nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application , both as to geography and as to population ; ;
Complementing the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty .
Operating side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state .
Jean Bodin , writing in the sixteenth century , may have been the seminal thinker , but it was the vastly influential John Austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood .
Austin's nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking .
The nation-state , then , exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control .
Does the surface hide a quite different picture ? ?
The short answer to those questions is `` yes '' .
Both concepts are undergoing alteration ; ;
to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibility .
Can thermonuclear war be set off by accident ? ?
What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents ? ?
Are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster ? ?
Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety ? ?
Will the danger increase or decrease ? ?
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an Atlas missile base in Wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons .
There is unceasing pressure , but its sources are immediate .
`` Readiness exercises '' are almost continuous .
Each could be the real thing .
In the command centers there are special clocks ready to tick off the minutes elapsed since `` E hour '' .
There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks .
They are preoccupied riding herd on control panels , switches , flashing colored lights on pale green or gray consoles that look like business machines .
They know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details .
Only recently new `` holes '' were discovered in our safety measures , and a search is now on for more .
Work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons .
Meanwhile , the experts speak of wars triggered by `` false pre-emption '' , `` escalation '' , `` unauthorized behavior '' and other terms that will be discussed in this report .
It is their job to think about the unthinkable .
The first systematic thinking about this Pandora's box within Pandora's boxes was done four years ago by Fred Ikle , a frail , meek-mannered Swiss-born sociologist .
BMEWS intelligence is simultaneously flashed to NORAD ( North American Air Defense Command ) in Colorado Springs , Colorado , for interpretation ; ;
to the Joint War Room of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon and to the President .
Telephones , Teletypes , several kinds of radio systems and , in some cases , television , link all vital points .
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers .
For last-ditch emergencies SAC has alternate command posts on KC-135 jet tankers .
And no messages can be transmitted on these circuits until senders and receivers authenticate in advance , by special codes , that the messages actually come from their purported sources .
That's the law .
But what if somebody decides to break it ? ?
The President cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger .
However , the system is designed , ingeniously and hopefully , so that no one man could initiate a thermonuclear war .
Even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike -- the `` go code '' .
In an emergency he would receive available intelligence on the `` gold-phone circuit '' .
All could help the President make his decision .
They include the Navy's Atlantic Command at Norfolk , Virginia , which is in contact with the Polaris subs ; ;
NATO headquarters in Europe ; ;
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj .
In a word , plenty .
He or his deputy or one of their seven assistants , all full colonels , mans the heart of the command post twenty-four hours a day .
It is a quiet but impressive room -- 140 feet long , thirty-nine feet wide , twenty-one feet high .
Movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information .
And Bill Wisman , forty-three , a farmer's son from Beallsville , Ohio , is a quiet but impressive man .
His eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown .
His movements and speech are precise , clear and quick .
At least a dozen men , some armed , are never far away from him .
( There are two receivers in case one should be dropped and damaged .
He must take it from `` the red box '' .
They are mere fragments , just one portion of preprepared messages .
In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing .
I asked Wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start transmitting one .
Now let us imagine a wing of B-52's , on alert near their `` positive control ( or fail-safe ) points '' , the spots on the map , many miles from Soviet territory , beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets .
They , too , have fragments of the go code with them .
Unless we send out the whole pie , their pieces mean nothing '' .
Why does Wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button pushers ? ?
At any rate , three men out of a six-man B-52 crew are required to copy down Wisman's go-to-war message .
Each must match Wisman's `` pie '' with the fragment that he carries with him .
All three must compare notes and agree to `` go '' .
Suddenly , however , their posture changed and the game ended .
Their heads were in the air sniffing .
They all swung at the same instant in the same direction .
They saw it before I did , even with my binoculars .
The aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond pathos .
I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care .
Occasionally , for no reason that I could see , they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot .
Finally , avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground , they intercepted the rain squall .
For ten minutes they ran beneath the squall , raising their arms and , for the first time , shouting and capering .
He had found a depression with rain water in it .
In an instant he had sucked it dry .
They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left , but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand .
Such stretches have an inhuman moonlike quality .
But much of the land which the aborigine wanders looks as if it should be hospitable .
He tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock , a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer .
They went well-equipped with everything except knowledge of the `` outback '' country .
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men .
Only there happened -- nothing .
only -- it did not .
There might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise ; ;
only -- there was not .
The aborigine is not deceived ; ;
Any organism that falters or misperceives the signals or weakens is done .
Perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity .
The family at the boulder
seeing an aborigine today is a difficult thing .
Others are confined to vast reservations , and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo , but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive , shunning camps , coming together only for corroborees at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch -- which is very low indeed .
It was a difficult and ambiguous kind of negotiation , even though the rancher was said to be expert in his knowledge of the aborigines and their language .
Finally , however , the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover .
At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel .
It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled compass welded to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about .
The rancher was navigating his way across the flatland .
`` Do you always navigate like this '' ? ?
`` Damned right '' , he said .
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there .
Very simple '' .
Finally we approached the bivouac of the aborigines .
The sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the boulder .
Its ribs showed , it was a yellow nondescript color , it suffered from a variety of sores , hair had scabbed off its body in patches .
It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving , watching us carefully .
It struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog .
`` The buggers love shade '' , the rancher said .
`` I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water .
During the hottest part of the day , of course , the sun comes straight down and there isn't any shade '' .
He gazed away from us as we approached .
He was over six feet tall and very thin .
Every bone and muscle in his body showed , but he did not give the appearance of starving .
He had long black hair and a wispy beard .
like the man , she was entirely naked .
There was also a long wooden spear and a woomera , a spear-throwing device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy .
Everything was burnished with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be ageless .
They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground , the boys picked them up , one at a time , and pinched them dead .
The tiny bodies , dropped onto a dry leaf , made a pile as big as a small apple .
The odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town aborigines .
The smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant .
It was also subtly familiar , for it was the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed .
Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin .
They roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it .
In spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared ; ;
as if the coating of sweat , dirt , and ashes were a cosmetic .
`` They swear that every person smells different and every family smells different from every other .
At the corroborees , when they get to dancing and sweating , you'll see them rubbing up against a man who's supposed to have a specially good smell .
Idje , here '' , and he nodded at the man , `` is said to have great odor .
`` Here , Idje , you fella like tabac '' ? ?
Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon .
The Australian stopped trying to talk a pidgin I could understand , and spoke strange words from deep in his chest .
The architects , the tile and carpet makers , the potters , painters , calligraphers , and metalsmiths worked through Abbas's reign and those of his successors to enrich the city .
Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses , cut by canals and terraced promenades , studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes .
In time Isfahan came to be known as `` half the world '' , Isfahan nisf-i-jahan .
In the early eighteenth century this fantastic city , then the size of London , started to decline .
the capital went elsewhere ; ;
Those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight .
But even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead .
It seems that for Persia , and especially for this city , there are only two times : the glorious past and the corrupt , depressing , sterile present .
Often , too , the social institutions are housed in these pavilions and palaces and bridges , for these great structures are not simply `` historical monuments '' ; ;
It takes place as well along the terraces and through the arcades of the Khaju bridge , and also in the gardens of the square .
On Fridays , the day when many Persians relax with poetry , talk , and a samovar , people do not , it is true , stream into Chehel Sotun -- a pavilion and garden built by Shah Abbas 2 , in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley , which are smaller , more humble copies of the former .
I don't mean a few aesthetes who play about with sensations , like a young prince in a miniature dabbling his hand in a pool .
These things are important to almost all Persians and perhaps most important to the most ordinary .
Not long ago an acquaintance , a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city , stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks .
The air , he said , was just right ; ;
a cigarette would taste particularly good .
But he knew ; ;
From upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river ; ;
Here , in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests , soldiers , and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between .
Below , twenty vaults tunnel through the understructure of the bridge .
From the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river .
Out of water , brick , and tile they have made far more than just a bridge .
On spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge .
All kinds come to walk in the promenade : merchants from the bazaar bickering over a deal ; ;
To a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical , for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people .
Many of them , moreover , are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant , the mullah , and the peasant .
It contains , in fact , their whole outlook on life .
Here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided .
for example , the mode of bravery to this anonymous folk poem : `` They brought me news that Spring is in the plains And Ahmad's blood the crimson tulip stains ; ;
''
When he added to his Pittsburgh commitments the directorship of the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1958 , he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months , `` commuting '' between the two cities .
This schedule became too strenuous , even for the energetic and conscientious Mr. Steinberg .
His London contract was rescinded , and now , he explains cheerfully , as a bright smile lightens his intense , mobile face , `` I conduct only one hundred and twenty concerts '' ! !
As he talked about himself , time and again stuffing and dragging on his pipe , Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled .
She even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values .
Steinberg claims that these early years of orchestra participation were of invaluable help to his career .
`` By observing the conductor '' , he says with a twinkle in his eyes , `` I learned how not to conduct '' .
Simultaneously , he pursued his musical studies at the conservatory , receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony , as well in the violin and piano .
he became Otto Klemperer's personal assistant at the Cologne Opera , and a year later was promoted to the position of regular conductor .
Had he always wished to be a conductor ? ?
However , when he assumed the duties of a conductor , he relinquished his career as a pianist .
Two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera , where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the Hitler regime .
During these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany .
In Frankfurt , too , he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which , in addition to the standard repertoire , featured novelties like Erdmann's Piano Concerto and Mahler's Sixth Symphony .
Because of the political upheaval in Germany in the 1930's , Steinberg was forced to restrict his activities to the Jewish community .
In 1936 he accepted the leadership of the Berlin Kulturbund .
In the fall of that year the best musicians of the Berlin and Frankfurt Kulturbund orchestras joined under the combined efforts of Bronislaw Hubermann and Steinberg to become the Palestine Orchestra -- now known as the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra -- with Steinberg as founder-conductor .
After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor , at Toscanini's invitation , of the NBC Orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America .
Seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony .
In recent years he has traveled widely in Europe , conducting in Italy , France , Austria , and Switzerland .
He returned to Germany for the first time in 1953 , where he has since conducted in Cologne , Frankfurt , and Berlin .
There will be premieres of new works , made possible through Ford Foundation commissions : Carlisle Floyd's Mystery , with Phyllis Curtin as soprano soloist .
`` And next year we will do -- also a Ford commission -- a piano concerto by Elliott Carter , with Jacob Lateiner as soloist .
We'll play Bruckner's Fifth Symphony in the original version , and Mahler's Seventh -- the least accessible , known , and played of Mahler's works .
My Pittsburghers have become real addicts to Mahler and Bruckner '' .
He added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour , especially Mahler's First and Fourth symphonies , and Das Lied Von der Erde , and Bruckner's Sixth -- which is rarely played -- and Seventh .
I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today '' .
With all his musical activities , did he have the time and inclination to do anything else ? ?
He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hals .
He was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired Claude Lorrain , but reminisced with pleasure over a Poussin exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago .
And how did he feel about modern art ? ?
Again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments .
`` As my wife puts it '' , he said , again with a twinkle in his eyes , `` all you know is your music .
He cited Heine and Stendhal as favorites in literature .
But his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son .
Was the topic for a round-table discussion at the Bayerische Rundfunk in Munich .
Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts , I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger , and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry .
We would like to do that too '' .
`` You must have some security '' , said a young clerk .
The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears .
what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country .
All expressed interest in world affairs but no one offered to make any sacrifices to satisfy this interest .
Once again , as in the days of the Founding Fathers , America faces a stern test .
Incapable of self-delusion , the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave , and yet they had confidence that America would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty .
As Madison commented to Jefferson in 1789 , `` We are in a wilderness without a single footstep to guide us .
Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation .
The young printer's apprentice achieved greatness in a half-dozen different fields , as editor and publisher , scientist , inventor , philanthropist and statesman .
Retiring to his beloved Mount Vernon , he returned to preside over the Federal Convention , and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected President .
During his two terms the Constitution was tested and found workable , strong national policies were inaugurated , and the traditions and powers of the Presidential office firmly fixed .
His political opponent and lifetime friend , Thomas Jefferson , achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia , his role as father of our territorial system , and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President .
During the greater part of Jefferson's career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow Virginian , James Madison , eight years his junior .
If Franklin was an authentic genius , then Alexander Hamilton , with his exceptional precocity , consuming energy , and high ambition , was a political prodigy .
Principal author of `` The Federalist '' , he swung New York over from opposition to the Constitution to ratification almost single-handedly .
Less dazzling than Hamilton , less eloquent than Jefferson , John Jay commands an equally high rank among the Founding Fathers .
He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period .
These Seven Founders constituted an intellectual and social elite , the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever confessed .
Their social status was achieved in some cases by birth , as with Washington , Jefferson and Jay ; ;
John Adams dismissed John Dickinson , who voted against the Declaration of Independence , as `` a certain great fortune and piddling genius '' .
Washington castigated his critic , General Conway , as being capable of `` all the meanness of intrigue to gratify the absurd resentment of disappointed vanity '' .
The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service .
Franklin retired from editing and publishing at the age of 42 , and for the next forty-two years devoted himself to public , scientific , and philanthropic interests .
In taking account of seventeen years of law practice , Adams concluded that `` no lawyer in America ever did so much business as I did '' and `` for so little profit '' .
To support his large family Hamilton went back to the law after each spell of public service .
The Frenchman was astonished .
`` I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country , but now is working all night in order to support his family '' , he reflected .
All seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for legality .
This sense of moderation and fairness is superbly exemplified in an exchange of letters between John Jay and a Tory refugee , Peter Van Schaack .
Jay had participated in the decision that exiled his old friend Van Schaack .
Yet when , at war's end , the ex-Tory made the first move to resume correspondence , Jay wrote him from Paris , where he was negotiating the peace settlement :
`` We have now a national character to establish '' , Washington wrote in 1783 .
This new force , love of country , super-imposed upon -- if not displacing -- affectionate ties to one's own state , was epitomized by Washington .
All sought the fruition of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers .
Save Jefferson , all participated in the framing or ratification of the Federal Constitution .
They supported it , not as a perfect instrument , but as the best obtainable .
Historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the Seventeen Nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs. limited government , with Hamilton and the nationalists supporting the former and Jefferson and Madison upholding the latter position .
When , in 1832 , the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which Madison had advanced in his old Virginia Resolve , they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman .
and the disguised one , as the serpent creeping with his deadly wiles into Paradise '' .
Tobacco Road is dead .
Long live Tobacco Road .
Thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South -- an urbanization which , despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture , has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers .
of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive leaps of the past century .
In 1900 the South was only 15% urban ; ;
In a mere half-century the South has more than tripled its urban status .
It is said that , even at the present stage of Southern urbanization , such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or Trenton .
As for progress , the `` backward South '' can boast of Baton Rouge , which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and sixty-two percent , to 126,000 , the second largest growth of the period for all cities over 25,000 .
But these sources have not been tapped .
Truman Capote is still reveling in Southern Gothicism , exaggerating the old Southern legends into something beautiful and grotesque , but as unreal as -- or even more unreal than -- yesterday .
William Styron , while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance , insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he publishes .
such are simply not within his bounded province .
Lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a new economy , these writers seem to be contenting themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money .
The Negro faces as much , if not more , difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one .
his requesting , and often getting , higher wages , better working conditions , better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of 1954 .
Then came this decision , which sped the process of gaining equality ( or perhaps hindered it ; ;
only historical evolution will determine which ) : an abrupt change .
Since 1954 the Negro's desire for social justice has led to an ironically anarchical rebellion .
This bold self-assertion , after decades of humble subservience , is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon , an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence .
A new South is emerging after the post-bellum years of hesitation , uncertainty , and lack of action from the Negro in defining his new role in the amorphously defined socio-political organizations of the white man .
The book concerned with the Negro's role in an urban society is rare indeed ; ;
but they can hardly deny that , exaggerated or not , the old panorama is dead .
As John T. Westbrook says in his article , `` Twilight Of Southern Regionalism '' ( Southwest Review , Winter 1957 ) : `` The miasmal mausoleum where an Old South , already too minutely autopsied in prose and poetry , should be left to rest in peace , forever dead and ( let us fervently hope ) forever done with '' .
Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland , which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees : `` Our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence ( of urbanization ) presented to his senses .
Obviously , such a Northern tourist's purpose is somewhat akin to a child's experience with Disneyland : he wants to see a world of make-believe .
In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress .
Willard Thorp , in his new book , American Writing In The Twentieth Century , observes , quite validly it seems : `` Certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched .
Faulkner , for one , appears to be safe from the accusing fingers of all assailants in this regard .
He has made it his , and his it remains , irrevocably .
He treats it with a mythological , universal application .
Thus Faulkner reminds us , and wisely , that the `` new '' South has gradually evolved out of the Old South , and consequently its agrarian roots persist .
Yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself : the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization .
With new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men : a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil .
Another element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre .
But Robert Rauschenberg , the neo-dadaist artist , has collaborated with several of them .
Mr. Nikolais has made a distinctive contribution to the arts of costume and decor .
In fact , he calls his productions dance-theatre works of motion , shape , light , and sound .
To raise the dancer out of his personal , pedestrian self , Mr. Nikolais has experimented with relating him to a larger , environmental orbit .
He began with masks to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be .
He went on to use objects -- hoops , poles , capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer , who moved with them .
The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol , begins to feel that it is part of herself .
Or , clad from head to toe in fabric stretched over a series of hoops , the performer may well lose his sense of self in being a `` finial '' .
From this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit .
But , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ?
Some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work .
Others , less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times , experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet , painter , and musician .
He disdains external restrictions -- conventional syntax , traditional metre .
The unit of form is determined subjectively : `` the Heart , by the way of the Breath , to the Line '' .
An earlier but still influential school of painting , surrealism , had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience , that event in which seemingly incongruous objects are linked together through the curious associations of the subconscious .
He is still concerned , however , with a personal event .
The composer may reverse or invert the order of his original set of intervals ( or rhythms or dynamic changes ) .
But he cannot order his elements by will , either rational or inspired .
The system works as an impersonal mechanism .
Avant-garde choreographers , seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements , have turned to similar approaches .
Some let dances take their form from the experience of creation .
The approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic , as it is for Miss Litz , or spontaneous , as it is for Merle Marsicano .
Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement .
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground .
This became a dance called Prelude To Flight .
A pervading quality of free lyricism and a building from turns close to the ground towards jumps into the air gives the work its central focus .
Alwin Nikolais objects to art as an outpouring of personal emotion .
If his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars , this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world , a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities .
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve .
Unconcerned with the practical function of his actions , the dancer is engrossed exclusively in their `` motional content '' .
Though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity , Merce Cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim .
He rejects all subjectively motivated continuity , any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect .
He bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything .
An order can be chanced rather than chosen , and this approach produces an experience that is `` free and discovered rather than bound and remembered '' .
He cites with pleasure the comment of a lady , who exclaimed after a concert : `` Why , it's extremely interesting .
At one side of the stage a dancer jumps excitedly ; ;
nearby , another sits motionless , while still another is twirling an umbrella .
If one dancer slaps another , the victim may do a pirouette , sit down , or offer his assailant a fork and spoon .
Their consequences are irrelevant -- or there are no consequences at all .
he may take slips of paper from a grab bag .
The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed .
The only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves , the number of the dancers , and the approximate total duration of the dance .
Each performance may be different .
If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance .
Mr. Cunningham tries not to cheat the chance method ; ;
Then the choreographer must arbitrate .
He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap .
Even so , confusion in this period gained such strength ( from compromise and other factors ) that it led to the bloodiest war of the Nineteenth century .
Nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty .
The present issue in Atlantica -- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens -- resembles the American one of 1787-89 rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War .
I think it is essential , however , to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861 -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject .
In homely terms whose timeliness is startling today , he thus declared his own right to secede .
When the Know-nothings get control , it will read , All men are created equal except Negroes and foreigners and Catholics .
When it comes to this , I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to Russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , without the base alloy of hypocrisy '' ( His emphasis )
Dictionaries , as we have seen , still cite this government , along with the Articles of Confederation of 1781 , as an example of a confederacy .
The Confederate Constitution copied much of the Federal Constitution verbatim , and most of the rest in substance .
It operated on , by and for the people individually just as did the Federal Constitution .
It made substantially the same division of power between the central and state governments , and among the executive , legislative and judicial branches .
Its drafters discussed this vital point but left it out of their Constitution .
The Constitution of the Southern `` Confederation '' differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects : It openly , defiantly , recognized slavery -- an institution which the Southerners of 1787 , even though they continued it , found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution .
These are not , however , differences in federal structure .
`` we the People of the United States , in order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common Defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America '' .
`` We the people of the Confederate States , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America '' .
One is tempted to say that , on the difference between the concepts of sovereignty in these two preambles , the worst war of the Nineteenth century was fought .
He issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union .
In his Message of December 2 , 1862 , he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union : `` In giving freedom to the slave , we assure freedom to the free '' .
The truth on each side won in the civil war
The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery -- the antithesis of individual liberty -- made the conflict grimmer , and the greater .
Out of this ordeal the citizen emerged , in the South as in the North , as America's true sovereign , in `` a new birth of freedom '' , as Lincoln promised .
But before this came about , 214,938 Americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states .
On their decisive battlefield Lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the `` brave men , living and dead , who fought here '' .
So great a man could not but understand , too , that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought , which their opponents see and attack , but the truth which the latter do not see -- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend .
It is much less difficult now than in Lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign Americans had given their lives in the Civil War to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the States and to their Union .
They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves .
But the fact that 70,524 other Americans gave the same measure of devotion to an opposing concept served Liberty-and-Union in other essential ways .
There was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep Americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet .
The lives so many of them gave , to forestall what they believed would be a fatal encroachment by the Union on the powers reserved to their states have continued ever since to safeguard all Americans against freedom's other foe .
One wonders about its applicability to people .
Is the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of Newton ? ?
Most of these , with horrible exceptions , were conceived as is a ship , not as an attempt to quell the ocean of mankind , nor to deny its force , but as a means to survive and enjoy it .
3 ,
Perhaps things were even worse then .
We are not now afraid of atomic bombs in the same way that people once feared comets .
We are worried about what people may do with them -- that some crazy fool may `` push the button '' .
But a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating .
There is still the remote possibility of planetoid collision .
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing .
We , in our country , think of war as an external threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing .
We have staved off a war and , since our behavior has involved all these elements , we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it , since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective .
With the group of boys it is different .
He does not know whether to look up or look aside , to put his hands in his pockets or to clench them at his side , to cross the street , or to continue on the same side .
When confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others .
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned , in a way , to commune with drunks , but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics .
I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some unwitting slip all hell may break loose .
Our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently induces the same kind of ritual and malaise .
We are forced , in our behavior towards others , to adopt empirically successful patterns in toto because we have such a minimal understanding of their essential elements .
We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles .
In the physical sciences , these achievements concern electricity , chemistry , and atomic physics .
Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated .
Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears .
procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably exceeds anything warranted by established psychological theory .
Much of the former extreme uneasiness associated with visions and hallucinations and with death has disappeared .
In fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty .
The situation with regard to our attitude and `` control '' of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people .
The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe .
He was waiting .
My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work .
American newspaper reviewers like to call his plays nihilistic .
Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ?
When Beckett's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' .
Beckett's appearance is rough-hewn Irish .
The features of his face are distinct , but not fine .
They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel .
Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle .
For he has the pride that comes of self-acceptance and the humility , perhaps of the same genesis , not to impose himself upon another .
His light blue eyes , set deep within the face , are actively and continually looking .
The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile .
The Irish accent is , as one would expect , combined with slight inflections from the French .
His tweed suit was a baggy gray and green .
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering .
His talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' .
`` The confusion is not my invention .
We cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion .
It is not a mess you can make sense of '' .
One cannot speak anymore of being , one must speak only of the mess .
Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form .
Until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things .
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form .
`` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ? ?
But now we can keep it out no longer , because we have come into a time when `` it invades our experience at every moment .
How , I asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? ?
If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form .
`` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art .
It only means that there will be new form , and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else .
The latter is not reduced to the former .
That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates .
`` Not this '' , he said , and gestured toward the Madeleine .
`` Not this .
This is clear .
There is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' .
Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide ; ;
It is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable .
Take Augustine's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? ?
In classical drama , such problems do not arise .
That is the play .
The key word in my plays is ' perhaps ' '' .
I have no religious feeling .
My mother was deeply religious .
So was my brother .
At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie .
Irish Catholicism is not attractive , but it is deeper .
`` Yes , for they deal with distress .
Some people object to this in my writing .
At a party an English intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why I write always about distress .
As if it were perverse to do so ! !
Then he thought me more perverse than ever .
Lunch was over , and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us .
As a Christian , I know I do not stand where Beckett stands , but I do see much of what he sees .
America is now joining Europe in this `` mature '' phase of development .
Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa , and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold .
The creative urge , for example , transcends the body and the self .
Nothing is more revealing of the way of life and literary aspirations of this group than their attitude toward sex .
The beatniks crave a sexual experience in which their whole being participates .
Unlike the heroes and flappers of the lost generation , they disdain the art of `` necking '' and `` petting '' .
it is sacred .
As Lipton , the prophet of the beat generation , declares : `` In the sexual act , the beat are filled with mana , the divine power .
This is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgasm pursue , this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond .
What they are after is the beatific vision .
Jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect .
Jazz is the musical language of sex , the vocabulary of the orgasm ; ;
That is why , the argument runs , the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it .
It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man .
The mystique of sex , combined with marijuana and jazz , is intended to provide a design for living .
Those who are sexually liberated can become creatively alive and free , their instincts put at the service of the imagination .
Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats ; ;
let them learn to `` swing '' freely , to let go , to become authentically themselves , and then perhaps civilization will be saved .
The beatnik , seceding from a society that is fatally afflicted with a deathward drive , is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present .
That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians ; ;
they will destroy the shrines , temples , museums , and churches of the state that is the implacable enemy of the life they believe in .
Their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath , rootless and irresponsible .
Their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile delinquent .
They are non-conformists on principle .
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation .
It is sex that obsesses them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed .
Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer , whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability .
If it is an honest feeling , then why should she not yield to it ? ?
There is nothing holy in wedlock .
She finds married life stifling and every prolonged sex relationship unbearably monotonous .
This confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution : the craving for sensation for its own sake , the need for change , for new experiences .
One beat poet composes a poem , `` Lines On A Tijuana John '' , which contains a few happy hints for survival .
They embrace independent poverty , usually with a `` shack-up '' partner who will help support them .
They feel they are leagued against a hostile , persecutory world , faced with the concerted malevolent opposition of squares and their hirelings , the police .
This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life , their search for wholeness , though their actual existence fails to reach these `` religious '' heights .
Sex as the creative principle of the universe , the secret of primitive religion , the life of myth .
No one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West Venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group .
The women who come to West Venice , having forsaken radicalism , are interested in living only for the moment , in being constantly on the move .
Others who are attracted to this Mecca of the beat generation are homosexuals , heroin addicts , and smalltime hoodlums .
The magic circle is , in fact , a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical orgasm '' .
Under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open sesame to the universe of being .
Carried high on this `` charge '' , he composes `` magical '' poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words .
How is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic derangement of senses .
If love reflects the nature of man , as Ortega Y Gasset believes , if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love , then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre .
There were fences in the old days when we were children .
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them .
Square corner- and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage ; ;
The primary quality of that view seems , now , to have been its quietness , but that cannot at the time have impressed us .
From high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nowhere visible .
In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub , snowball , rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead .
Another had ended before it began .
the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all .
In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water ; ;
Time in the sum is nothing .
The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` It could have been like that for only a little while '' ; ;
hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it .
It was mother who planted the verbenas .
These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending .
Three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment : the roses , whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen , to be made into perfume or rose-tea to drink ; ;
the peonies , whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger , although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them ; ;
and the poppies .
snowballs ; ;
hollyhock blossoms that , turned upside down , make pink-petticoated ladies ; ;
seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch ; ;
morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; ;
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade .
We showed them to each other and said `` Would you have guessed '' ? ?
Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by .
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school .
In the heat of the summer , the garden solitudes were ours alone ; ;
our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch .
They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Don't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation .
A wheel squeaked on a hub , was still , and squeaked again .
When the hay wagon had gone , and an interval passed , a huckster's cart might turn the corner .
The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee .
After his passage , the street was empty again .
At four-o'clock , or four-thirty , the coming of the newsboy marked the end of the day ; ;
he tossed a paper toward every front door , and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing .
The streets of any county town were like this on any sunshiny afternoon in summer ; ;
But the fences were still in place fifty-odd years ago , and when we stood on the gate to look over , the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides .
The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees .
The street was unpaved and rose steeply toward the center ; ;
The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses .
It is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story , because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious , riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Mann's work .
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' .
The trick these two play upon Jacoby reveals their want not simply of decency but of imagination as well .
At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacoby's , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life .
The music which Lautner has composed for this episode is for the most part `` rather pretty and perfectly banal '' .
But it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little artifice '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' .
he collapses , and dies .
the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent , mindless sensuality and sharp , shrewd talent , cleverness with an occasional touch of genius ( which , however , does not know `` how to attack the problem of suffering '' ) ; ;
Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Mann's heroes .
This prohibition on love has an especially poignant relation to art ; ;
it is particularly the artist ( Tonio Kroger , Aschenbach , Leverkuhn ) who suffers from it .
The specific analogy to the dilemma of love is the problem of the `` breakthrough '' in the realm of art .
Finally , the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume , as with Cipolla ) , are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories .
that is , he is suspect , guilty , punishable , as is anyone in Mann's stories who produces illusion , and this is true even though the constant elements of the artist-nature , technique , magic , guilt and suffering , are divided in this story between Jacoby and Lautner .
In a certain perfectly definite way , the method and the theme of his stories are one and the same .
Something of this can be learned from `` The Way To The Churchyard '' ( 1901 ) , an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure .
There is no more `` plot '' than that ; ;
The artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness .
The first sentence , with its platitudinous irony , announces an emblematic intent : `` The way to the churchyard ran along beside the highroad , ran beside it all the way to the end ; ;
As the first sentence suggests , both roads belong to death in the end .
Thus , on the highroad , a troop of soldiers `` marched in their own dust and sang '' , while on the footpath one man walks alone .
This man's isolation is not merely momentary , it is permanent .
His name is Praisegod Piepsam , and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory -- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in `` Death In Venice '' , for example , who represent some combination of cadaver , exotic , and psychopomp .
`` Life '' points out that `` everybody uses this path '' , and starts to ride on .
His rage assumes a religious form ; ;
Then an ambulance comes along , and they drive Praisegod Piepsam away .
Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; ;
Piepsam is not , certainly , religious in any conventional sense .
He is `` a man raving mad on the way to the churchyard '' .
And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann's writing : the crude sketch of Piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , Naphta and Leverkuhn .
In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as Leverkuhn says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' .
`` Gladius Dei '' ( 1902 ) resembles `` The Way To The Churchyard '' in its representation of a conflict between light and dark , between `` Life '' and a spirit of criticism , negation , melancholy , but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict .
in particular against a Madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled , according to gossip , upon the painter's mistress .
Hieronymus , like Piepsam , makes his protest quite in vain , and his rejection , though not fatal , is ridiculous and humiliating ; ;
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter .
On the street outside , Hieronymus envisions a holocaust of the vanities of this world , such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his namesake actually brought to pass in Florence , and prophetically he issues his curse : `` Gladius Dei super terram cito et velociter '' .
Their artistic rationale is given to the witness of unreason .
The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery .
The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems .
Without the decay of a sense of objective reference ( except as the imitation of mystery ) , the stress on subjective invention would never have been stimulated into being .
On the other hand , we cannot regard artistic invention as pure , uncaused , and unrelated to the times in which it occurs .
The word `` mimesis '' ( `` imitation '' ) is usually associated with Plato and Aristotle .
Presupposed in Plato's system is a doctrine of levels of insight , in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most sublime wisdom .
For both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality .
Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels , the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality .
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent .
The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction .
By `` image '' is meant not only a visual presentation , but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined therewith .
This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated .
They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality .
As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them , so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images .
The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood .
Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed .
Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect .
Primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects ( houses , trees , implements , etc. ) nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities .
These desires presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved , some working for one's good , others threatening ill .
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught .
The principal defender of this view of primary experience as `` causal efficacy '' is Alfred North Whitehead .
Our most elemental and unavoidable impressions , he says , are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own , which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future .
Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience .
Whitehead is here questioning David Hume's understanding of the nature of experience ; ;
What Hume calls `` sensation '' is what Whitehead calls `` perception in the mode of presentational immediacy '' which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy .
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct .
After only eighteen years of non-interference , there were already indications of melioration , though `` in a slight degree '' , to be sure .
It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T. Washington had been going on .
For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them .
It's infuriating , this feeling that one is being picked on , continually , constantly .
The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as James's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you're not quite the people to say it '' .
At the present time , the counter-attack takes the line that there's no more of the true spirit of `` integration '' in the North than in the South .
People talk about `` the law of the land '' .
The expression has become quite a cliche .
it has been , many times .
Mr. Justice Taney's Dred Scott decision in 1857 was unpopular in the North , and soon became a dead letter .
Prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated Northeast ! !
To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' .
Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ? ?
Who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is incompatible with the Jeffersonian concept of `` the consent of the governed '' ? ?
Circumstances alter cases .
A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell .
He seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere .
I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexico's history and Mississippi's .
A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; ;
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith .
I'm talking about the grand manner of the Liberal -- North and South -- who is not affected personally .
Well , after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating one's children into private schools , only the poor folks are left .
Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier's `` Massachusetts To Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' .
There is a legend ( Hawthorne records it in his `` English Notebooks '' .
Whether historically a fact or not , the legend has a certain symbolic value .
Complicity is an embarrassing word .
Like the cowboy in Stephen Crane's `` Blue Hotel '' , we run around crying , `` Well , I didn't do anything , did I '' ? ?
Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in `` Brother To Dragons '' : `` The recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence '' , where innocence , I think , means about the same thing as redemption .
Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his `` Second Inaugural '' that God `` gives to both North and South this terrible war , as the woe due to those by whom the offense came '' .
It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds .
they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care .
Emerson -- Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim .
The slave is owner , And ever was .
It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) .
New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : ``
for though their people had very few slaves themselves , yet they had been pretty considerable carriers of them to others '' .
George W. Cable ( naturalized New Englander ) , writing in 1889 from `` Paradise Road , Northampton '' ( lovely symbolic name ) , agitated continuously the `` Southern question '' .
It was nice to be able to isolate it .
New England , as everyone knows , has long been schoolmaster to the Nation .
Why should this be so ? ?
But I think that something more than this is involved .
How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ?
Isn't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A & M colleges ? ?
Is it not ironical that Roger Williams's state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? ?
A Yale historian , writing a few years ago in The Yale Review , said : `` We in New England have long since segregated our children '' .
I don't propose to go into their history , but I have one or two surmises .
In the early days of a homogeneous population , the public school was quite satisfactory .
Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present .
The family estate was situated near Vadstena on Lake Vattern in south central Sweden .
He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part .
Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine .
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction .
`` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar's rags I strove to see The inner man .
In this final line , we have the key to his nature .
The first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , Pilgrimage And Wander-Years ( Vallfart och Vandringsar ) , published in 1888 .
To get it out into the daylight's glow Is my life's aim both first and last , the whole .
It slips away , it burns and tortures me .
He is utterly disappointed in himself and in the desultory life he has been leading .
What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself .
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden .
His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present .
By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions .
He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory .
Heidenstam's conception , on the contrary , was to revive the present by the memories of the past .
With the first of a group of historical novels , The Charles Men ( Karolinerna ) , published in 1897-8 , he achieved the masterpiece of his career .
Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; ;
They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters .
The general effect is tragic .
Almost nothing is said of Charles' spectacular victories , the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their idolized king in misfortune and defeat .
His peculiar gift , as had been suggested before , is his intensity .
George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style .
The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures .
His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice .
After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous .
Then more than ever before did they show their fortitude and patient cheerfulness .
In `` The King's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years .
But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall , being only thirty-six years of age when he died .
From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden .
The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors .
Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory .
Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here .
Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries .
As a free-lance investigator , the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his client .
For this reason , he appears as an independent and self-reliant figure , whose rugged individualism need not be pressed into the mold of a 9 to 5 routine .
On the other hand , the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases ; ;
no client would ever think of asking him to do such things .
Thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman .
He is , first and foremost , a defender of public morals , a servant of society .
At the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man .
In this way , the private detective gets the best of two possible worlds .
He is an individualist but not an anarchist ; ;
he is a public servant but not a cop .
In short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare .
In the mystery story , as in The Wealth of Nations , individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin .
The rise of the giant corporations in Western Europe and the United States dates from the period 1880-1900 .
Sherlock Holmes , the ancestor of all private eyes , was born during the 1890s .
The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal .
The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he enforces the law without being told to do so .
The private eye is therefore a moral man ; ;
The basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal .
Unfortunately , this assumption does not always hold good .
As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma .
if he is legal , he may not be good .
It is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story .
With the advent of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes , the development of the modern private detective begins .
Sherlock Holmes is not merely an individualist ; ;
he is very close to being a mental case .
A brief list of the great detective's little idiosyncrasies would provide Dr. Freud with ample food for thought .
Holmes is addicted to the use of cocaine and other refreshing stimulants ; ;
he is a recluse , an incredible egotist , a confirmed misogynist .
It was in order to avoid the stuffy routine of middle class life that Holmes became a detective in the first place .
Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal .
The two men resemble each other closely in their cunning , their egotism , their relentlessness .
They are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace .
Just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detective , so Holmes the potential criminal lurks behind both .
Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey ( the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers ) have retained Holmes' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits .
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ;
it is true that they are also extremely dull .
they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy Atlantic .
Like Holmes , the American private eye rejects the social conventions of his time .
In a society where everything is for sale , Marlowe is the only man who cannot be bought .
In the end , he gets his man , but no one seems to care ; ;
A similar tone of underlying futility and despair pervades the spy thrillers of Eric Ambler and dominates the most famous of all American mystery stories , Dashiell Hammett's The Maltese Falcon .
Sam Spade joins forces with a band of adventurers in search of a priceless jeweled statue of a falcon ; ;
but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake .
Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer .
moreover , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two .
The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care .
Perry Mason and Hamilton Burger , Nero Wolfe and Inspector Cramer spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal .
He is , like Phillip Marlowe , too alienated to be reliable .
On the other hand , if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession , he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism .
His successors have adopted the opposite alternative .
At first glance , this hero seems to be more rather than less of an individualist than any of his predecessors .
Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network .
For example , suppose a man wearing a $200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? ?
If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation .
Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command .
On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes .
Networks illustrating some special types of organization
As shown in Figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points .
All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged .
For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door .
We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence .
In Figure 2 , the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number .
The numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors .
A point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n .
Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp .
Military organizations .
They also furnish proof that , in modern war , message sending must be monitored .
On the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in Figure 3 .
are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; ;
and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground .
With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication .
In contrast to cocktail parties , military organizations , even in the field , are more formal .
The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village .
The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( A ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. .
( C ) Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command .
And ( D ) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank .
This organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent .
A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands .
Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor .
A team for useful research .
This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry .
We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes .
But , for practical purposes , we have people who can be considered as such .
For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; ;
But first I want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it .
Let me quote him even more fully , for his analysis is important to my theme .
He specifies , `` in the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian supernaturalism , in the Twentieth Century it was affected by naturalism .
But in every period it has been humanism '' .
And let me add , utopianism , also .
I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism .
That is to say Gabriel's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more .
And with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what Gabriel called Christian supernaturalism .
French Egalitarianism had had only nominal influence in this country before the days of Popularism .
However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former .
That John Locke's philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept .
Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also .
This is important to understanding the position that doctrinaire liberals found themselves in after World War 2 , and our great democratic victory that brought no peace .
And the ussr existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism , the ultimate exemplar .
During the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New Deal .
But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man , to point up what happened to him under Eisenhower's leadership .
And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` in essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' .
Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is , or rather , what it should be .
For it was neglected , not to say nascent , when the struggle began .
The contributors to this testament were all well-known : a former Democratic candidate for President , a New Deal poet , the magazine's chief editorial writer , two newspaper columnists , head of a national broadcasting company , a popular Protestant evangelist , etc. .
Its refrain was : `` let us return to the individualistic democracy of our forefathers for our salvation '' .
Others invoked technology and common sense .
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' .
But the most notable thing about the incantation of these ex-liberals was that the one-time shibboleth of socialism was conspicuously absent .
The second specific comment was the report of Eisenhower's Commission on National Goals , titled Goals For Americans .
They , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University , because it was non-partisan .
The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism .
And here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : `` the paramount goal of the United States set long ago was to guard the rights of the individual , ensure his development , enlarge his opportunity '' .
This group is secularist and their program tends to be technological .
But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise .
I will reserve discussion of it for a moment , however , to return to President Kennedy .
As symptomatic of the common man's malaise , he is most significant : a liberal and a Catholic , elected by the skin of his teeth .
Does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy , not to say confused , state of the public mind ? ?
Let's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come .
And the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic .
Ralph Gabriel gave it the name of Protestant philosophy of Progress .
One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before .
We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ?
So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man's control over himself and over other men .
Naturally this includes all communication forms , e.g. languages , or any social , political , economic or religious structures employed for such control .
best growth .
At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? ?
But hear Harrison E. Salisbury , former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times , and author of `` To Moscow -- And Beyond '' .
In a book review of `` The Soviet Cultural Offensive '' , he says , `` Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders , the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes , as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy And Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines .
corporations now outmoded
In his stead is a milquetoast version known as `` the corporation '' .
and our loss of `` prestige '' abroad is the direct result .
First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership .
When we `` forced '' individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes , we adopted what I would term `` pseudo-capitalism '' and so took a major step toward socialism .
The biggest loss , of course , was the individual's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy .
Socialism , I grant , has a definite place in our society .
But let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic .
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations , a credit to any society .
But the pseudo-capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life , will not stand close scrutiny .
The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism , vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy .
But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ) , unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole .
The corporation has a limited , specific place in our society .
Ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society .
Examples are in public utilities , making military aircraft and accessories , or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form , e.g. constructing major airports or dams .
Proprietorship
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control ; ;
The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders .
Leadership is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop .
Corporations should pay added taxes , to be used for educational purposes ( not necessarily of the formal type ) .
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated .
When the proprietor dies , the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it .
If we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system , how can we expect to abolish it internationally ? ?
These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in turn , would help us to cope with runaway technology .
Persons developed in today's corporations cannot hope to serve here -- a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside .
Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business , coupled with raising my family .
Then , not many years later , the Un-American Activities Committee , under the leadership of Martin Dies , pilloried hundreds of decent , patriotic citizens .
New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed , no matter how .
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency .
Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; ;
they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; ;
they are the most valuable of commodities -- and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply .
So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others .
Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' .
The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri .
But are all these works worthy of consideration ? ?
Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? ?
But was he infallible in all things ? ?
What of his treatment of the Jew in The Merchant Of Venice ? ?
He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit .
Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' .
Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars , or even of Tikopia , and no senatorial investigation will result .
Shakespeare does not tell us that Shylock was an aberrant individual .
He sets him forth as being typical of the group .
He tells of his `` Jewish heart '' -- not a Shylockian heart ; ;
but a Jewish heart .
This would make anyone crafty and cruel , capable of fiendish revenge .
If living Jews were unavailable for study , the Bible was at hand .
Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews .
Studying The Merchant Of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews .
Does this help the non-Jew to understand this group ? ?
His name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty .
Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart ? ?
But is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then , after stirring , expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result ? ?
What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? ?
The Leopard's Spots came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in 1902 , and in this he announced an `` unchangeable '' law .
That doctrine has been accepted by many , but has it produced good results ? ?
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child .
Will argument and debate decide its truth or falsity ? ?
Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one .
Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one .
Helen Deutsch informed us ( The Psychology Of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many .
Will mere debate on that proposition , even though it be free and untrammeled , remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold ? ?
That is questionable , to say the least .
Research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one .
Most assuredly ideas are invaluable .
But ideas , just for the sake of having them , are not enough .
In the 1930's , cures for the depression literally flooded Washington .
For a time the President received hundreds of them every day , most of them worthless .
Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate .
The merits of the Salk anti-polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children .
But is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems ? ?
We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results .
In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people .
But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive .
Debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive .
It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; ;
By no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; ;
And for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance .
It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr. Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached .
These began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the President's condition for the nation .
And if Howard Rutstein felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession , his article in the Atlantic Monthly accomplished a good deal more .
But the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man , rather than a group of men , whether a group of doctors , a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion , or the masses of the voters .
It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction .
In no other situation would a group of doctors , struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world , be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning , and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces .
And though we can look back now and see their errors , we can look back also to the ultimate error .
He gave us a simile to explain his admission that even at the worst period of his second illness it never occurred to him there was any renewed question about his running : as in the Battle of the Bulge , he had no fears about the outcome until he read the American newspapers .
Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death .
At the national and international level , then , what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality .
Neither the vibrant enthusiasm which bespeaks a people's intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital argumentation betraying its sense that something significant has transpired was in evidence .
Nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of Life Magazine , the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy .
`` I may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my age '' , the President had said on February 29th of the election year , ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term .
So it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present .
Yet with a mind less shallow , if less sharp , than some of the fortune-happy syndicates which back him , he feels what he cannot formulate ; ;
But the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions , and thus for imposing his will on the people .
And in the context of drifting personal utterances we have examined , there was occasional evidence of the origin of all such evasions .
Thinking had stopped ; ;
Instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision , as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done .
Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked .
Like Roosevelt , he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him .
The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .
The making of distinctions , like the perception of the great distinctions made , is an inordinately difficult business .
Lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such , and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision .
The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change .
The civilizational crisis , the third type of change raises the question `` what are we to do '' ? ?
There is no socially existential answer to the question .
The first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society .
The first involves a simple shift of interests in the society .
The third type , however , wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence .
There the community , faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice , can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced .
Relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases .
Precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself .
The liberal-conservative split , to define it further , derives from a basic difference concerning the existential status of standard sought and about the spiritual experience that leads to its identification .
Indeed , it is probable that this point is reached the moment the third level of change begins .
At that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously `` fate '' , or `` destiny '' , or `` providence '' , and feel themselves caught helplessly in the writhing of a disrupted society .
The reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of such a change .
Those social , civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group , ultimately cease to exist .
It is not enough for man to be an ontological esse .
And the direction of that movement is determined by his perception of the truth about himself .
Thus human perception and human volition is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level .
Further , change is a form of motion , it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the terminus of the change .
If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation .
In the case of social decay , form is displaced simply by the process of dissolution with no form at the terminus of the process .
The retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis necessitates the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation .
However , the crisis occurs precisely as a weakening of spiritual forces .
The emergence of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a warranty for the victory of disorder .
As a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping inevitabilities in history .
These differences , in turn , derive from prior differences concerning the friendly or hostile character of change .
anxiety and deep insecurity are the characteristic responses evoked by the crisis in tradition .
To experience them , it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it .
The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs .
We note the use of rhetoric as a weapon , the manipulation of the masses by propaganda , the `` mobilization '' of effort and resources .
These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis .
Both are predictably destined to fail .
The response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing .
To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers .
The implicit assumption of this response is that history is reversible .
Seemingly , order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions .
Such a response , of course , misses the point that in crisis order is going out of existence .
Despite the hopelessness of the response , it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself .
But this truth is distorted by its extreme application : the assumption of the separate existence of tradition .
The reactionary misses the point that tradition exists ontologically only in the form of psychological-intellectual relations .
Reactionary theories , for this reason , usually assume some form of organismic theory .
All of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work .
If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ?
A man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to tiredly repeat his earliest failure in love , only makes us a little weary of man ; ;
But a novel in which one man Karamazov explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the Psychoanalytic Quarterly .
It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literary descendant of Oedipus Rex .
Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth , an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret .
But a modern Oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic , and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies .
The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him .
And the best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story .
If I now risk some comparisons with Sons And Lovers let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their merits ; ;
`` The Rocking Horse Winner '' is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the reader -- but we do not know why .
It is the story of the hopeless love of a little boy for his cold and vain mother .
The story ends in the child's illness and delirium brought on by the feverish compulsion to ride his horse to win for his mother .
The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside .
The rocking , I realized , is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message , the unspoken and unconscious undercurrent that would mar the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit .
The rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present ; ;
it conceals and yet is suggestive ; ;
a perfect symbol .
For this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love , doomed by its nature .
We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , Paul Morel , sometimes repels .
we accord it its place there , and in Lawrence's treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child , in fact , the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood .
We have so completely entered the child's fantasy that his illness and his death are the plausible and the necessary conclusion .
It is most probable that Freud and the Oedipus complex never entered his head in the writing of this story .
He was simply writing a story that wanted to be told , and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged .
Ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled .
He has been seduced by the marvels of the unconscious and has lost interest in studying the surfaces of character .
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego .
2 .
the heroic act is the casting off of pretense .
It was conceived as a leave-taking , a kind of melancholy gathering-in of the myths of the West , `` bevor die Nacht sinkt , eine lange Nacht vielleicht und ein tiefes Vergessen '' .
He chose a medieval legend of incest , Gregorius Vom Stein , and freely borrowed and parodied other myths of the West , mixing themes , language , peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves , as in his previous treatment of Joseph .
But The Holy Sinner is not simply a retelling of old stories for an old man's entertainment .
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell .
Grigorss is the child of an incestuous union between a royal brother and sister , the twins Sibylla and Wiligis .
He is born in secrecy after the death of his father and cast adrift soon after birth .
Grigorss overcomes the suitor in battle , delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him .
Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory tablet concealed by her husband , and the identities of mother and son are revealed .
Grigorss comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved Pope .
The worthy Mondrian , seeing these pictures , said in a tone of kindly reproof : `` But you are really an artist of the naturalistic tradition '' ! !
Helion did not realize it at the time , but it was true .
but Leger , Arp , Lipchitz and Alexander Calder , at the time , gave him their blessing .
Exhibited in shows in London in 1935 , and in New York the following year , the new , more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence .
At this period the thirty-year old Helion was ranked `` as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement '' , according to Herbert Read , `` and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne , Seurat , Gris and Leger '' .
In America , Meyer Schapiro observed that , unlike the Mondrian school , Helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art '' .
Where would it all lead ? ?
But he was `` afraid of the future -- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration , a functional art of some kind '' .
The Rooseveltian America was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization .
In New York he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of non-figurative artists , including Alexander Calder , George K. L. Morris , De Kooning , Holty and a few others .
`` Fear possessed me , and the certainty of war '' , he has related .
`` I knew I was carrying on with abstraction to its very end -- for me '' , he said of the two years' output in Virginia .
They were , in effect his last testament to non-objective art .
He had taken out first papers for American citizenship ; ;
`` I hated the war '' , he said , `` but thought I ought to go because I was , perhaps , one of those who hadn't done enough to prevent it '' .
His company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans , a few days before France capitulated .
A year later they were removed to a Stalag in the harbor of Stettin .
`` It was then I knew that they were making war against Man , the individual within ! !
At Stettin the university-educated artist , who had studied German , was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander .
In secret he also acted as a member of the prisoners' Central Committee , which plotted sabotage , planned a few escapes , and maintained a hidden control over the wretched French slave-laborers .
How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape .
In the prison camp's Black Market civilian clothes were quietly bought and forged papers were devised for him ; ;
As Helion wrote afterward : ``
Marquet held my briefcase ; ;
They felt rough and kind and warm .
At this moment the volley-ball hit the ground .
Duclos ran toward Desprez with fists raised .
Riding trains , hitching hikes on trucks across Germany , slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guides , he eventually reached Vichy France , and , by the winter of 1943 , was back in Virginia .
not only loathing of captivity , but a faith , a hope that is even stronger .
I left behind me brave men , whom captivity had robbed of all hope .
They too loved their families , longed for their villages : yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare the fearful chance of escape '' .
Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the self-sacrifice of his fellow-men in Arbeitskommando 13 , , Stettin , as to his own fierce will and love of life .
After that , he declared , `` to return to freedom was to fall to one's knees before the real world and adore it '' .
Arp protested : `` But it is impossible ! !
Helion , however , clung to the belief that `` in escaping from the Stalag I had also escaped from Abstraction '' .
It was very widely read , too ; ;
But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp , they paid him no compliments and drew long faces .
Between 1944 and 1947 Helion had a series of one-man shows -- at the Paul Rosenberg Gallery in New York and in Paris -- of his new realistic pictures .
One of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face ceremoniously lighting a cigarette ; ;
Important as was Mr. O'Donnell's essay , his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has .
He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs .
Faulkner's total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. Cowley made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. O'Donnell wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South .
If he is a traditionalist , he is an eclectic traditionalist .
If he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force .
If he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a Sutpen , he sees also -- and he shows -- the blind and the mean , and he sees the Compson family disintegrating from within .
Others writing on Faulkner have found the phrase `` traditional moralist '' either inadequate or misleading .
Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. O'Donnell implies that it is .
He has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern .
It would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern pedigree than that of his family .
The young William Faulkner in New Orleans in the 1920's impressed the novelist Hamilton Basso as obviously conscious of being a Southerner , and there is no evidence that since then he has ever considered himself any less so .
His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South , implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation .
His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers .
The ingredients of Faulkner's novels and stories are by no means new with him , and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him .
As they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away , they were probably no more than half-conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed .
The tradition reached its apex , perhaps , in the works of Thomas Nelson Page toward the end of the century , and reappeared undiminished as late as 1934 in the best-selling novel So Red The Rose , by Stark Young .
Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War .
There is evidence to suggest , in fact , that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as indelicate as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South .
Augustus Baldwin Longstreet , a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states , published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle , in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye-gouging physical combat , and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters , he set an example followed by many after him .
Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; ;
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner's time .
Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a long-established literary precedent .
One of the early humorists already mentioned , Thomas Bangs Thorpe , can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials .
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` The Big Bear Of Arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature .
This text from Dr. Huxley is sometimes used by enthusiasts to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful unfoldment of psychic powers in human beings .
There may be a case of this sort , but it is not one we wish to argue , here .
Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners , one may question whether this will help them to live better lives .
All we want from Dr. Huxley's statement is the feeling that this is an open world , in the view of the best scientific opinion , with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next , and no important confinements with respect to what may be possible .
It seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one , but many .
Each man , that is , is both one and many .
He is a dreamer of the good society with a plan to put into effect , and he is an individual craftsman with something to make for himself and the people of his time .
He is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age , and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed .
What will be the final symmetry of the good society ? ?
This is the good kind of sophistication , and with all our problems and crises this kind of sophistication has flowered in the United States during recent years .
Mr. Lyford gives voice to a temper that represents , we think , an achieved plateau of reflective thinking .
At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations .
Such activity may or may not have irritated the Kremlin , but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world .
The defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit , our tendency to rate the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we circulate about ourselves .
Shocked at the response to our proclamations , we grow more defensive , and worse , we lose our sense of humor and proportion .
Only the strong look squarely at weakness .
Mr. Lyford continues : ``
Even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society .
The picture is the more treacherous when it misrepresents the facts of American life .
If our sincerity is granted , and it is granted , the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination .
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' .
The interesting thing about Mr. Lyford's approach , and the approach of the contributors to The Agreeable Autocracies ( Oceana Publications , 1961 ) to the situation of American civilization , is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life .
We experience a vague uneasiness about events , a suspicion that our political and economic institutions , like the genie in the bottle , have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them .
We feel uncomfortable at being bossed by a corporation or a union or a television set , but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us , we can hardly learn to control them .
It does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on The National Purpose .
The men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' .
These institutions which Mr. Lyford names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ?
No doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century .
Going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions , in Santa Barbara .
The reality of the situation , however , is described by Mr. Lyford : ``
the stockholder delivers his proxy ; ;
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' .
Copernicus did not question it , Ptolemy could not .
The reasons for this are partly observational , partly philosophical , and reinforced by other aesthetic and cultural factors .
First , the observational reasons .
this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a gnomon before and after noon .
Earth , being at the center of the universe , would have the same shape as the latter ; ;
so , e.g. did Aristotle argue , although this may not be an observational reason in favor of circularity .
The discoid shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things .
Or angular ? ?
By distinguishing superlunary ( celestial ) and sublunary ( terrestrial ) existence , and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles , Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies , which moved in only a perfect way , viz. in a perfect circle .
Now what is perfect motion ? ?
Only imcomplete , imperfect things move towards what they lack .
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures .
Thus , circular motion is itself one of the essential characteristics of completely perfect celestial existence .
Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe .
It is covered ( partly ) with water , air is atop of that .
Being less encumbered by material embodiments they partake more of what is divine .
Bluntly , there never was a Ptolemaic system of astronomy .
Indeed , in the Halma edition of Theon's presentation of The Hypotheses there is a chart setting out ( under six distinct headings ) otherwise unrelated diagrams for describing the planetary motions .
No attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( a-la-Aristotle ) , these independent predicting-machines .
They all have this in common : the earth is situated near the center of the deferent .
But that one should superimpose all these charts , run a pin through the common point , and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' bumping ' ) , this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses .
He might even suppose the planets to move at infinity .
Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where , against the inverted bowl of night , some particular light will be found at future times .
Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion .
So when textbooks , like that of Baker set out drawings of the ' Ptolemaic System ' , complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents , we have nothing but a misleading 20th-century idea of what never existed historically .
Thus , Margenau remarks : `` A large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations , but otherwise the ( Ptolemaic ) system served well and with quantitative precision .
Historical records indicate that Copernicus was unaware of the fundamental aspects of his so-called ' revolution ' , unaware perhaps of its historical importance , he rested content with having produced a simpler scheme for prediction .
Without careful qualification this can be misleading .
Calculations within the Copernican framework always raised questions about planetary configurations .
The latter required juggling several elements simultaneously .
But ' simplicity ' here refers to systematic simplicity .
This characterizes Euclid's formulation of geometry , but not Ptolemy's astronomy .
The strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this : ideally , the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic ' rules ' of the theory .
Copernicus , to an extent unachieved by Ptolemy , approximated to Euclid's vision .
It provides exactly the same reason .
1543 A.D. is often venerated as the birthday of the scientific revolution .
But , considered within technical astronomy , a different pattern can be traced .
What in The Almagest draws his fire ? ?
No .
This arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous : `` With ( the Ptolemaists ) it is as though an artist were to gather the hands , feet , head and other members for his images from divers models , each part excellently drawn , but not related to a single body ; ;
That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered de novo by Copernicus .
He did not think himself to be firing the first shot of an intellectual revolution .
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander .
The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; ;
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done .
Another source of intellectual stimulus was opened to her at that time by the founding of Johns Hopkins University within walking distance of home .
In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings .
From Philadelphia came Cyrus Adler and Joseph Jastrow .
Adler , Judge Sulzberger's nephew , came to study Assyriology .
His father was a good friend of Rabbi Szold , and Joe lived with the Szolds for a while .
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were .
Henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe's older and more serious brother , Morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa , when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi's absence in Europe .
Unlike his younger brother , Joe , he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as `` My dear friend '' , although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style .
And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did .
`` we've got Father and Mother and each other '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott's Little Women ; ;
and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; ;
Mr. March , like Benjamin Szold , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ;
and `` Marmee '' March , like Sophie Szold , was the competent manager of her brood of girls , of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds' five .
When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism , Sadie learned to write with her left hand .
A Comedy In Three Acts '' , in which , under `` Personages '' , Henrietta appeared as `` A Schoolmarm '' , and Bertha , who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been , appeared as `` Dummkopf '' .
Sadie studied piano ; ;
played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie's Pupils '' ; ;
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian .
and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality , he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta , in whom he was really interested , but to all the Szold girls and Mamma .
This time he was making no mistake .
Olgivanna -- in her country the nickname was a respectful form of address -- was not only attractive but shrewd , durable , sensible , and smart .
No wonder Wright was enchanted -- no two better suited people ever met .
It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval .
Even so , many of the things that happened to Wright and Olgivanna seem inordinately severe .
Their afflictions centered on one maddening difficulty : Miriam held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for .
Flocks of writs , attachments , and unpleasant legal papers of every sort began to fly through the air .
The distracted Miriam would agree to a settlement through her legal representative , then change her mind and make another attack on Wright as a person .
Cloud made an interesting statement in parting from his client : `` I wanted to be a lawyer , and Mrs. Wright wanted me to be an avenging angel .
So I got out .
The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case .
But every time I suggested this to her , Mrs. Wright turned it down and demanded that I go out and punish Mr. Wright .
I am an attorney , not an instrument of vengeance '' .
Miriam Noel disregarded the free advice of her departing counselor , and appointed a heavy-faced young man named Harold Jackson to take his place .
Yet somehow , when officers were prodded into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants , they would find neither Wright nor Olgivanna at home .
He said that Mr. Wright was not in , and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air .
Miriam Noel Wright said , `` Here I am at my own home , locked out so I must stand in the road '' ! !
When I take over Taliesin , the first thing I'll do is fire you '' .
`` And I think you had better leave '' , replied Miriam .
And this is my own home '' .
The animosity expressed by such a scene had the penetrating quality of a natural force ; ;
and it gave Miriam Noel a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art .
Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly , but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked , one morning on arrival in Chicago , what he thought of the city as a whole .
First , Wright said , he was choked by the smoke , which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town .
But surely Michigan Avenue was handsome ? ?
`` That isn't a boulevard , it's a racetrack '' ! !
He was then asked for a solution of the difficulty , and began to talk trenchant sense , though private anguish showed through in the vehemence of his manner .
You don't need concentration .
You'll have trees again .
After all , that's the job of the architect -- to give the world a little joy '' .
Little enough joy was afforded Wright in the spring of 1925 , when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin .
A storm did take place that night , and fortunately enough , it included a cloudburst that helped put out the flames .
Later accounts blamed defective wiring for starting the fire ; ;
Amid a shortage of profitable work , the memory of Albert Johnson's $20,000 stood out in lonely grandeur -- the money had quickly melted away .
and the question before these meetings was , here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power ; ;
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ?
As he made plans for the new Taliesin , Wright also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths , and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp .
Years were to pass before these plans came off the paper , and Wright was justified in thinking , as the projects failed , that much of what he had to show his country and the world would never be seen except by visitors to Taliesin .
nor was she moved by a letter from Wright pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris , as she preferred .
Then Miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been pending , and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty , with the understanding that Wright would not contest it .
Miriam said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , Olga , will not be in luxury while I am scraping along '' .
Here Wright gave a slight sigh of weariness , and continued , `` It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people , making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me '' .
Next day , word came that Miriam was not going through with the divorce ; ;
More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation .
For pride's sake , I will not say that the coy and leering vade mecum of those verses insinuated itself into my soul .
I do not suppose you ever heard of F. Scott Fitzgerald , living or dead , and moreover I do not suppose that , even if you had , his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval .
Neither his appetites , his exacerbations , nor his despair were kin to yours .
He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him .
But he was no man in the moon to me .
Although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of , nor was it for yachts , sports cars , tall drinks , and swimming pools , nor yet for money or what money buys that I burned , I too was burning and watching myself burn .
Only what else was she singing but the old Song of Songs , that most ancient of tunes that nature plays with such unfailing response upon young nerves ? ?
One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ;
But all this , I am well aware , is the bel canto of love , and although I have always liked to think that it was to the bel canto and to that alone that I listened , I know well enough that it was not .
Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest , more scandalizing , more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger .
I recoil from the very thought .
if one bullies , they say it is because one is afraid ; ;
if one shuns , they say it is because one desires ; ;
You probably would not remember , since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I , much less their intensity , one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm .
I can see us now .
We had been walking quite briskly , for despite your being so small and me so tall , your stride in those days could easily match mine .
We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! !
Said : `` There are things I must tell you about this man you are marrying which he does not know himself '' .
But I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will .
Just as I was about to enlarge upon my discovery of the underside of the leaf of love , memory , displeased at being asked to yield its unsavory secrets , dashed ahead of me , calling back over its shoulder : `` Skip it .
Cut it out '' .
But the time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless .
However , I confess my hope that I will be innocent again , not with a pristine , accidental innocence , but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone .
It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best , and when they seem worst it overlooks them .
The innocence of which I speak is , I know , not incorruptible .
But I insist upon believing that even when it is lost , it may , like paradise , be regained .
However , it was not of innocence in general that I was speaking , but of perhaps the frailest and surely the least important side of it which is innocence in romantic love .
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .
But to me innocence is far less tangible .
today , these many years later , after all the temptations resisted or yielded to , the weasel satisfactions and the engulfing dissatisfactions since endured , I call it corrupting still .
You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face .
Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady .
A lady , you made clear to me both by precept and example , never raised her voice or slumped in her chair , never failed in social tact ( in heaven , for instance , would not mention St. John the Baptist's head ) , never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company , never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture , never indulged in public scenes or private confidences , never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering , never gossiped or maligned , never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself .
He rummaged , found composers and arrangers , collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians , ballad singers , and musicologists .
Schopenhauer never learned
First , Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully .
He has his own system of shorthand , devised by abbreviations : `` humility '' will be `` humly '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` tt '' .
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument .
At age seventy-four , he became what he shyly terms a `` pupil '' of Andres Segovia , the great guitarist of the Western world .
Segovia has written about Carl :
`` His fingers labor heavily on the strings and he asked for my help in disciplining them .
Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him .
I am certain that Carl Sandburg will not fall into the same sad philosophy .
Nor does Carl reject this identity .
He is proud of having Segovia for a friend and dedicated a poem to him titled `` The Guitar '' .
Carl says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument .
Carl hadn't brought his along .
They went to the pawnshop of Joseph Miller of 1162 Sixth Avenue .
Well you can pose inside .
`` He chose one from Mr. Miller's window , a plain guitar with no fancy polish .
A knowledgeable celebrity
When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity , Carl said , `` A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity '' .
Lloyd Lewis wrote that when he first knew Carl in 1916 , Sandburg was making $27.50 a week writing features for the Day Book and eating sparse luncheons in one-arm restaurants .
He walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley .
When fame came it changed Sandburg only slightly .
Carl thought the question over slowly and answered : `` I know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the pangs of his starvation , I know that '' .
That was all he said , Lewis reports .
That was all he had to say .
In answer to a New York Times query on what is fame ( `` Thoughts On Fame '' , October 23 , 1960 ) , Carl said : `` Fame is a figment of a pigment .
Through all these years , Mrs. Sandburg has pointedly avoided the limelight .
She has shared her husband's greatness , but only within the confines of their home ; ;
it is a dedication which began the moment she met Carl .
Mrs. Sandburg received a Phi Beta Kappa key from the University of Chicago and she was busy writing and teaching when she met Sandburg .
`` You are the ' Peoples' Poet ' '' was her appraisal in 1908 , and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career .
Even now I will not intrude upon her except to state a few bare facts .
She is not only a trained mathematician and Classicist , but a good architect .
As the Sandburg goat herd increased , she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them .
Her mother called her Paus'l , a Luxemburg endearment meaning `` pussycat '' .
Some of the children of the family could not pronounce this name and called her Paula , a soubriquet Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since .
But neither was Lilian her baptismal name .
Her parents , pious Roman Catholics , christened her Mary Anne Elizabeth Magdalene Steichen .
Lilian Steichen was an exceptional student .
( Two years ago the photography editor of Vogue Magazine titled his article about Steichen , `` The World's Greatest Photographer '' .
)
But her father was not enthusiastic about sending young Paula to high school .
The parents compromised , however , on a convent school and Paula went to Ursuline Academy in London , Ontario .
Paula was saddened about what was happening to little girls and vowed to kneel no more in Chapel .
`` And besides , Thorstein Veblen was one of the Chicago professors '' .
She once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language teachers in Milwaukee .
Carl was still Charles A. Sandburg .
Victor Berger , the panjandrum of Wisconsin Socialism and member of Congress , had asked Paula Steichen to translate some of his German editorials into English .
She left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton , Illinois .
) By the time the streetcar pulled away , he had fallen in love with Paula .
A letter awaited her at Princeton .
Paula says that even though Carl's letters usually began , `` Dear Miss Steichen '' , there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife .
Paula generously lent me one of Carl's love letters , dated February 21 , 1908 , Hotel Athearn , Oshkosh , Wisconsin :
Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation ; ;
Now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort .
We and our friends are , of course , concerned with self-defense .
Growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress , in freedom , of the uncommitted and newly emerging nations .
But they must have technical and investment assistance .
This is a problem to be solved not by America alone , but also by every nation cherishing the same ideals and in position to provide help .
In recent years America's partners and friends in Western Europe and Japan have made great economic progress .
The international economy of 1960 is markedly different from that of the early postwar years .
To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress .
Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial : adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy ; ;
To us and to every nation of the Free World , rich or poor , these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security , prosperity and peace .
Continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would , over time , impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the Free World .
Further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate .
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane .
Respecting their need , one of the major focal points of our concern is the South-Asian region .
Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities , as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help , we must squarely face this titanic challenge .
Other countries , some of which I visited last month , have similar needs .
A common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort .
During the past year I have discussed this matter with the leaders of several Western nations .
Because of its wealth of experience , the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed .
The goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized Free World , especially private investment capital .
By extending this help , we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under freedom's banner .
No more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined .
As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength .
No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction .
During the past year , our long-range striking power , unmatched today in manned bombers , has taken on new strength as the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory .
From all reports so far received , its performance conformed to the high standards I have just described .
The continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process .
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength .
This is necessary for a sounder collective defense system .
Second , our military missile program , going forward so successfully , does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines , which are necessary in distant space exploration .
Third , the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes .
Fourth , in the meantime , it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth .
Using launch systems presently available , we are developing satellites to scout the world's weather ; ;
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ;
and for perfecting instruments to collect and transmit the data we seek .
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly .
The accomplishment of the many tasks I have alluded to requires the continuous strengthening of the spiritual , intellectual , and economic sinews of American life .
1960 promises to be the most prosperous year in our history .
Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders .
Among current problems that require solutions , participated in by citizens as well as government , are :
the persistent refusal to come to grips with a critical problem in one sector of American agriculture ; ;
the continuing threat of inflation , together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility ; ;
in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law .
It heard Bang-Jensen twice and his lawyer , Adolf A. Berle , Jr. , once .
It also implied that Paul Bang-Jensen had been irresponsible .
The four , bundled in overcoats , mounted to the wind-swept roof of the U.N.
In one of these he said were notes on the identities of the eighty-one refugees .
The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen .
The Gross group had been formed for the express purpose of advising the Secretary General .
Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had , on December 4 , 1957 , called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct `` relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary '' .
The result was the `` Gross Report '' , prepared by Gross , as chairman , with the assistance of two U.N. Under Secretaries , Constantin Stavropoulos and Philippe De Seynes .
`` Yes '' , Gross went on , `` Bang-Jensen was an up-and-coming young man .
He had always done well .
''
`` You know '' , the lawyer said , `` it's difficult to talk like this about a man who can't answer back '' .
Gross was behind a clean-top desk , only a manila folder before him .
You know , Bang-Jensen characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case '' .
`` Well , how could that have been ? ?
`` What did you think about his mental state '' ? ?
`` I think our report sums up our finding '' , Gross answered .
`` This was not merely alleging errors , but was carried out by day-after-day allegations in memos , written charges of serious consequence .
Supposing you or I were being accused in this manner , and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work .
In his own words , Bang-Jensen ' took it for granted that the Group would report to the Secretary General privately and not in public .
It was getting so that we , the Committee , were being tried .
Gross shot another look at Marshall .
`` It wasn't necessarily all here in New York .
Don't forget the foreign press '' .
This cited Bang-Jensen's ' aberrant conduct ' '' .
As far as I'm concerned , it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensen's conduct .
The January fifteen report recommended that Bang-Jensen be instructed to burn the list -- the papers -- in the presence of a U.N. Security Officer '' .
Bang-Jensen said you told correspondents that you had checked in advance to make sure the term ' aberrant conduct ' was not libelous .
Gross paused and repeated himself .
I don't know .
Bang-Jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession .
Peter Marshall reflected .
If Hammarskjold had not wanted the list disposed of in this manner , and if Bang-Jensen had not wanted it -- who had ordered it ? ?
`` Mr. Gross , concerning the formation of your Committee , there's the fact that you have been a legal adviser to the U.N. in the past ; ;
`` What did you think about Bang-Jensen's contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report '' ? ?
Gross reached in his desk and pulled out two newspaper clippings .
The other was by Chesly Manley in the Chicago Daily Tribune .
He probably didn't mean to write it this way , or maybe he did .
That implies that Shann was on the enemy side .
' I've found errors and I want you to look them over .
But it wasn't a violent discussion .
)
Gross stopped briefly , then went on .
`` Shann was responsible for the report .
Don't forget , I am an old member of the club , a former delegate .
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation .
It takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact '' .
It said in part :
Ernest Gross replied the next day , putting the suspended diplomat's fears to rest .
`` This reveals some misunderstanding on your part .
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings .
`` We were requested by the Secretary General , as I understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat .
Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage .
Skipping was the alternative .
A rope was found and , like children in school , the missionaries skipped for hours at a time .
The weather turned warmer and with it came better appetites , although Harriet was still a little off-color .
She could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship .
The crew of the Caravan never failed to amaze Ann , who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language .
She wrote in her journal , `` I have not heard the least profane language since I have been on board the vessel .
This is very uncommon '' .
As for Adoniram , she found him to be `` the kindest '' of husbands .
As warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water .
When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator .
They were sailing round the Cape of Good Hope ; ;
I have been so weary of the excessive rocking of the vessel , and the almost intolerable smell after the rain , that I have done little more than lounge on the bed for several days .
This was the Greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' .
Ann was very troubled .
By this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband , yet the uncomfortable fact remained : the American Congregationalists were sending them as missionaries to the Far East and paying their salaries .
By early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of Ceylon , by which time all four missionaries were hardened seafarers .
but I hear the thunder roll ; ;
see the lightning flash ; ;
and the waves threatening to swallow up the vessel ; ;
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds .
Captain Heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the Bay of Bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters .
Next day a ship arrived with an English pilot , his leadsman , an English youth , and the first Hindu the Judsons and Newells had ever seen .
The pilot possessed excellent skill at his calling ; ;
Next morning the Caravan was out of the treacherous Bay .
Relieved of the major part of his responsibility for the safety of the ship , the pilot's oaths became fewer .
Slowly she moved up the Hooghli River , a mouth of the mighty Ganges , toward Calcutta .
Out came the journal and in it went Ann's own description of the scene :
`` On each side of the Hoogli , where we are now sailing , are the Hindoo cottages , as thick together as the houses in our seaports .
They are very small , and in the form of haystacks , without either chimney or windows .
The grass and fields of rice are perfectly green , and herds of cattle are everywhere feeding on the banks of the river , and the natives are scattered about differently employed .
Harriet was just as delighted .
She was certain now that it would be no harder to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in Haverhill .
With childlike innocence she wrote of the Indians as `` walking with fruit and umbrellas in their hands , with the tawny children around them .
This is the most delightful trial I have ever had '' , she decided .
Crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue .
Harriet's mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread .
The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station , a necessity when landing in East India Company territory .
On the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma , and they were disturbed to find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture .
They were in fact quietly laughing at him , for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Western world .
When Captain John Gibault of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship , the Astra , had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River .
All Captain Gibault took back to Salem were a few items for the town's East India Museum .
A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy .
Cruel Burmese governors could , on the slightest whim , take a man's life .
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate .
They explained that they desired only to stop in India until a ship traveling on to Burma could be found .
The reasons for the Whig joy on this occasion are found to be their expectation of regaining control of the government , their delight at the prospect of a new war , their hopes of having the Tories hanged , and so on .
Another controversy typical of the war between the Englishman and the Examiner centered on Robert ( later Viscount ) Molesworth , a Whig leader in Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council .
On December 21 , the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine Phipps , their Tory Lord Chancellor , Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation : `` They that have turned the world upside down , are come hither also '' .
On this issue , then , as on so many in these months , Steele and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view .
In the early months of 1714 , the battle between Swift and Steele over the issue of the Succession entered its major phase .
The preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's Crisis on January 19 , and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace .
By this time , as we shall see , the Tories were already planning to `` punish '' Steele for his political writing by expelling him from the House of Commons .
To this end , the first and longest section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the `` Arbitrary Power of a Popish Prince '' .
In his comment on these laws Steele sounds all the usual notes of current Whig propaganda , ranging from a criticism of the Tory peace to an attack on the dismissal of Marlborough ; ;
Treasonable books striking at the Hanoverian Succession , he complains , are allowed to pass unnoticed .
In this connection , Swift , too , is drawn in for attack : `` The Author of The Conduct Of The Allies has dared to drop Insinuations about altering the Succession '' .
Steele apparently professed his sentiments in this book too openly and honestly for his own good , since the government was soon to use it as evidence against him in his trial before the House .
In the final issues of the Englishman , which ended just as the new session of Parliament began , he provided his enemies with still more ammunition .
For example , No. 56 printed the patent giving the Electoral Prince the title of Duke of Cambridge .
In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession .
A few days after this Englishman appeared , Defoe reported to Oxford that Steele was expected to move in Parliament that the Duke be called over ; ;
but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift .
As notable examples of this abuse , he quotes passages from the Examiner , `` that Destroyer of all things '' , and The Character of Richard Steele , which he here attributes to Swift .
Then he launches into an attack on the Tory ministers , whom he calls the `` New Converts '' ; ;
by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the Church despite their own education and manner of life -- a gibe , in other words , at the `` Presbyterianism '' in Harley's family and at Bolingbroke's reputed impiety .
among whom , his Party have indeed more Friends than I could wish '' .
Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs , Arlen and Mercer were not given strong material to work on .
Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled Hot Nocturne .
He was born in Savannah , Georgia , in 1909 .
His second wife , Lillian , was the mother of John H. Mercer .
One day he followed the Irish Jasper Greens , the town band , to a picnic and spent the entire day listening , while his family spent the day looking .
The mother inquired , `` Where's Johnny , and why did you leave him '' ? ?
The maid then told her , `` Because he fired me '' .
Such speech differences made him acutely aware of the richness and expressivness of language .
There they stayed '' .
In 1927 his father's business collapsed , and , rather than go bankrupt , Mercer senior turned his firm over to a bank for liquidation .
He died before he could completely pay off his debts .
Some years later the bank handling the Mercer liquidation received a check for $300,000 , enough to clear up the debt .
The check had been mailed from Chicago , the envelope bore no return address , and the check was not signed .
But Mercer hung on , living , after a fashion , in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up .
`` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him .
A story , no doubt apocryphal , for Mercer himself denies it , has him sporting a monacle in those Village days .
he just happened not to need any actor at the moment , however .
While with the Whiteman band Mercer met Jerry Arlen .
He had yet to meet Harold Arlen , for although they had `` collaborated '' on `` Satan's Li'l Lamb '' , Mercer and Harburg had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them .
The lyric , Mercer remembers , was tailored to fit the unusual melody .
With the help of Ziggy Elman , also in the band , he transformed a traditional Jewish melody into a popular song , `` And The Angels Sing '' .
he collaborated on a song with William Hartman Woodin , who was Secretary of the Treasury , 1932-33 .
When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940 , Mercer , like Arlen , had several substantial film songs to his credit , among them `` Hooray For Hollywood '' , `` Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride '' , `` Have You Got Any Castles , Baby ? ?
'' , and `` Too Marvelous For Words '' ( all with Richard Whiting ) ; ;
`` Some guys bothered me '' , Mercer has said .
`` I couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but I could with Harold .
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' .
The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight-bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words `` There'll be no more work ; ;
there'll be no more worry '' , matching the spiritual feeling of the jot .
This grew into the song `` Big Time Comin' '' .
It had a single porcelain stall and but one cabinet for the chairing of the bards .
It was here that the terror-stricken Dennis Moon played an unrehearsed role during the children's party .
That unused room was large enough for -- well , say an elephant could get into it and , as a matter of fact , an elephant did .
Something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us .
It so happened that sports writer Arthur Robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence .
Robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees .
He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway .
He waited a long time .
May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic Latin , says , ' The more haste , the less peed ' '' .
the Honorable Robert Wagner , Sr. , at that time a justice of the New York Supreme Court , was on the reception committee .
When , in my enthusiasm , I proposed the party , my city editor ( who disliked the club and many of its members ) tried to block my participation in the gala event .
City editor Victor Watson of the New York American was a man of brooding suspicions and mysterious shifts of mood .
The Hetman's physical aspects were not those of a savage rider of the steppes .
Indeed , he looked more like a well-fleshed lay brother of the Hospice of St. Bernard .
Nor were his manners barbaric .
From the very first he regarded himself as Mr. Hearst's disciple , defender , and afterward his prime minister , self-ordained .
Whatever the Hetman's ambitions , his colleagues were kept ill at ease .
He also disliked Runyon , for no good reason other than the fact that the Demon's talent was so marked as to put him well beyond the Hetman's say-so or his supervision .
`` He's a wrong-o '' , said Runyon , `` and I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw the Statue of Liberty '' .
Arthur `` Bugs '' Baer wrote to me just recently , `` Vic wanted to die in harness , with his head towards the wagon .
He supported his mother and his brother , who afterwards committed suicide .
' And would you believe it ' , Vic added , ' she likes him better than she does me .
About the only time the Hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born .
`` I can tell you this much '' , he said .
It's bigger than the Armistice '' .
When I returned to make my report , the Hetman did not remember having sent me on the secret mission .
I shall tell of it later on .
Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks .
We fashioned beards , put them on , and reported to the Hetman at the city desk .
Mr. Baer had an auburn beard , like Longfellow's .
As for myself , I had on an enormous black `` muff '' .
This , together with a derby hat and horn-rim eyeglasses , gave me the appearance of a Russian nihilist .
Mr. Watson did not have much humor in his make-up , but he managed a mirthless smile .
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand .
He paused for a moment to look at me , then went on to the city desk to deliver his `` Today '' column .
and also to change telephones .
Then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of the room .
He had a somewhat goggle-eyed expression .
In the conduct of these and many other campaigns , the Hetman proved to be a much abler journalist than his critics allowed .
Alone , rejected on every hand , divorced , and in financial trouble , he leaped from an eleventh-floor window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937 .
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , W.R. Hearst .
That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair .
that is , until I became an editor , hence , in his eyes , a rival .
Not long after Colonel Van Hamm had foisted me on the Watson staff I received a salary raise and a contract on the Hetman's recommendation .
During the next years he gave me the second of the five contracts I would sign with the Hearst Service .
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways .
`` Don't bother to look any further .
The Hetman did have friends , but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession .
Dr. Menas S. Gregory was another .
There was one time , however , when his face clouded and he suddenly blurted , `` Why did my brother commit suicide '' ? ?
I cannot remember Dr. Gregory's reply , if , indeed , he made one .
If she were not at home , Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there .
Sometimes , Mrs. Coolidge would close herself in the Green Suite on the second floor , and play the piano she had brought to the White House .
Mama knew she was playing her son's favorite pieces and feeling close to him , and did not disturb her .
Backstairs , the maids cried a little over that , and the standing invitation was not mentioned to Mrs. Coolidge .
The President was even more generous with the First Lady than he had been before the tragedy .
She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed .
Among the dolls was one that meant very much to the First Lady , who would pick it up and look at it often .
An accompanying sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for Mrs. Coolidge's first granddaughter .
The name inside the envelope was `` Cynthia '' .
The Coolidges' life , after the death of their son , was quieter than ever .
John was away at school most of the time .
Mrs. Coolidge would knit , and the President would sit reading , or playing with the many pets around them .
Now and then , the President would call for `` Little Jack , Master of the Hounds '' , which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt's administration , and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals .
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders .
But to get back to the Coolidge household , Mrs. Coolidge so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- Calamity Jane , Timmy , and Blackberry .
He showed them what to do , and taught them how to keep the maids around the White House in a state of terror .
The dogs would run through the halls after him like a burst of bullets , and all the maids would run for cover .
His signal was for the other dogs to come running , but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out .
Rob Roy was well aware of the importance of this mission , and he would walk in front of the President , looking neither to the right nor to the left .
At dinner , lunch , or breakfast , the President would call out , `` Supper '' ! !
They would all lie around on the rug during the meal , a very pretty sight as Rob Roy , Prudence , and Calamity Jane were all snow-white .
Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned .
Finally , Mama did mention to Mrs. Coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs , and then Mrs. Coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone , even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity .
Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship .
For the Coolidges , it was Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Stearns of Boston , Massachusetts , owners of a large department store .
They seemed to be at the White House half the time .
The butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there , the President would say grace at breakfast .
If the Stearns were not there , grace would be omitted .
Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful , Mr. Coolidge certainly made a good president .
He had been a friend of the Hardings , and continued to be invited by the Coolidges .
Mama said she was one of the prettiest ladies she had ever seen .
Mama was very patriotic , and one of the duties she was proudest of was repairing the edges of the flag that flew above the White House .
Even when Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning for her son , she reached out to help other people in trouble .
One person she helped was my brother .
Mama had told her how Emmett's lungs had been affected when he was gassed in the war .
He was in and out of Mount Alto Hospital for veterans any number of times .
But again , there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy Washington weather , and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work .
She wore grey every day , and white every evening .
It was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs , and , just as the First Lady stepped off the last tread , Mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the Blue Room to greet her guests with the President .
Mama would enjoy the sight of the famous guests as much as anyone , and would note a gown here and there to tell me about that night .
One night , Mama came home practically in a state of shock .
She had stood at the bottom of the stairs , as usual , when Mrs. Coolidge came down , in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian , to greet her guests .
She reached and reached around the dress , but there was nothing there .
Mrs. Coolidge looked down , saw Mama's horrified expression and quickly let the whole thing fall to the floor .
Impressive as this enumeration is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their Gentile environment .
It is reasonable to affirm two propositions : Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men ; ;
some Jews have in fact been all things to all men .
they have observed correct neutrality ; ;
In the market place Jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and suppliers , or clannish monopolists and cutthroat competitors .
diversity of fact , yes .
But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide .
The genuinely interesting question , then , becomes : What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews ? ?
The working test of `` the facts '' must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations .
In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ;
General Grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book ; ;
if so , he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future .
But General Grant may have been self-victimized .
To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments .
In some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality .
These are personality factors ; ;
The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it .
Undoubtedly , however , the significance of the volume is greater than the foregoing paragraphs suggest .
What shall these effects be ? ?
Comprehensive examination of any policy question calls for the performance of the intellectual tasks inseparable from any problem-solving method .
When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion .
In free countries many controversies involve self-styled Jews who use the symbol in asserting a vaguely `` cultural '' rather than religious or political identity .
The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .
However , in the context of legal and civic policy , these controversies are less than novel .
So far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned , categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in Jewish-Gentile relationships ; ;
In conformance with the maximization principle we affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations will be harmonious or inharmonious to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net advantage , taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration .
for instance , imagine the situation if Israel ever joins an enemy coalition .
The formal position of Americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the Jewish symbol is already clear ; ;
During moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming .
Among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are cognizant of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when overburdened leaders near the limit of self-control .
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others .
Let us not confuse the issue by labeling the objective or the method `` psychoanalytic '' , for this is a well established term of art for the specific ideas and procedures initiated by Sigmund Freud and his followers for the study and treatment of disordered personalities .
The traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association , punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic interviewer .
self-discovery calls for an open , permissive , inquiring posture of self-observation .
In essence this involves grounding one's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others , rather than in one's own values and experience .
Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking ; ;
if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity .
The second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the ephemeral mass culture products of today .
It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience , the morality , the sensitivity to some code of `` right '' and `` wrong '' .
I do not know that this is true ; ;
Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong ; ;
certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence .
This is in large part a code of behavior and a glossary of values : what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it .
In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint .
Literature may be said to give people a sense of purpose , dedication , mission , significance .
This , no doubt , is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' .
Feeling useless seems generally to be an unpleasant sensation .
The notion of `` inspiration '' is somehow cognate to this feeling .
How literature does this , or for whom , is certainly not clear , but the content , form , and language of the `` message '' , as well as the source , would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose .
One of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion .
The idea here is one of discharge but this must stand in opposition to a second view , Plato's notion of the arousal of emotion .
A third idea is that artistic literature serves to reduce emotional conflicts , giving a sense of serenity and calm to individuals .
This is given some expression in Beardsley's notion of harmony and the resolution of indecision .
A fourth view is the transformation of emotion , as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts : they `` transform and beautify our inner nature '' .
If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .
Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses .
William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) -- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all .
The rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience .
Perhaps it is only an analogy , but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation .
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required .
Its truth is illustrated by the skill , sensitivity , and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre .
Along these lines , the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen .
In a symposium and general exploration of the field of Personal Perception and Interpersonal Behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject , with one possible exception ; ;
Solomon Asch shows the transcultural stability of metaphors based on sensation ( hot , sweet , bitter , etc. ) dealing with personal qualities of human beings and events .
I use this term to mean three things : a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs , a tendency to look at wholes rather than parts , and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling .
It is the obverse of triviality , shallowness , emotional anaesthesia .
In fact , I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art .
The study of ideas in literature is one of these .
Of course , it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene .
He will frequently return to it .
The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other .
When we assert the value of such study , we find ourselves committed to an important assumption .
Most students of literature , whether they call themselves scholars or critics , are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them .
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight .
At this point a working definition of idea is in order , although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we proceed .
An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned .
In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually .
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries .
Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or `` belongs to '' some way of thought labelled as a `` school '' or an `` -ism '' , i.e. a complex or `` syndrome '' of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification .
Thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional Christianity .
Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise .
In recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences .
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science .
Here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the historian's research .
It is a characteristic of thoughts that in re-thinking them we come , ipso facto , to understand why they were thought '' .
Such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition .
The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events '' .
The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at the same time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another .
Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought -- turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades .
We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts .
No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them .
Still , we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology , philosophy , political thought , and literature .
These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned .
Perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the Western world has been that of the Old and New Testament .
Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible .
This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence .
A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression .
In much the same way , we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne , of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues , and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin , through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters .
We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another .
`` Suppose you take Mr. Hearst's morning American at $10,000 a year '' , Brisbane proposed .
`` You could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , dictate an editorial , and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors .
The blue-eyed Watson decided that he would dislike living in New York , and the deal fell through .
Hearst's luck was even poorer when he had a chat with Franklin K. Lane , a prominent California journalist and reform politician , whom he asked for his support .
Hearst disclaimed blame for this , but the conversation , according to Lane , ended on a tart note .
`` Mr. Lane '' , Hearst said , `` if you ever wish anything that I can do , all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking , and it will be done '' .
On April 10 , 1904 , his first child was born , a son named George after the late Senator .
Hearst saw his wife and child , sent a joyful message to his mother in California , and soon returned to Washington , where on April 22 , for the first time , he opened his mouth in Congress .
Six of the railroads carrying coal to Tidewater from the Pennsylvania fields , Hearst said , not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines .
They had watered their stock at immense profit , then had raised the price of coal fifty cents a ton , netting themselves another $20,000,000 in annual profit .
''
The Congressman tried hard , but failed .
Hatred tied his hands in Congress .
He might get votes from his constituents , but he would never get a helping hand in Congress .
He was the House pariah .
He sought to run Congress as he ran his New York American or Journal , a scheme veteran legislators resisted .
The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country .
Just when it was needed for the campaign , Hearst Paper No. 8 , the Boston American , began publication .
He ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as `` seduction '' , `` rape '' , `` abortion '' , `` criminal assault '' and `` born out of wedlock '' .
In a story headed , `` Hearst Offers Cash '' , the Republican New York Tribune spread the money rumor , quoting an unnamed `` Hearst supporter '' as saying :
`` The argument that is cutting most ice is that Hearst is the only candidate who is fighting the trusts fearlessly and who would use all the powers of government to disrupt them if he were elected .
This , it is urged , would relieve the national committee from the necessity of appealing to the trust magnates .
If anything , the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans .
But his increasing strength in the West looked menacing .
It caused Henry Watterson to sound a blast in his Louisville Courier-Journal :
But there is a Hearst barrel .
`` The nomination of Hearst would compass the ruin of the party '' , Carmack said .
`` It would be a disgrace , and , as I have already said to the people of Tennessee , if Hearst is nominated , we may as well pen a dispatch , and send it back from the field of battle : ' All is lost , including our honor ' '' .
`` I understand [ Hearst ] is a candidate for Presidential honors '' , Devery said without cracking a smile .
Our state has been overrun with a gang of paid agents and retainers .
The talk of a Hearst `` barrel '' was increasing .
In his fight for the Illinois and Indiana delegations , Hearst made several trips to Chicago to confer with Andrew Lawrence , the former San Francisco Examiner man who was now his Chicago kingpin , and once to meet with Bryan .
On one visit he stopped at the office of the American , where he was known surreptitiously as `` the Great White Chief '' , and for the first time met his managing editor , fat Moses Koenigsberg .
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him , saying , `` But Mr. Hearst , what shall I do with this correspondence '' ? ?
2 .
Hearst hopped into a private railroad car with Max Ihmsen and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states , always wearing a frock coat , listening intently to local politicians , and generally making a good impression .
He laughed at a story that he planned to bolt the party if he was not nominated .
But I do not have to be bribed by office to be a Democrat .
I supported Cleveland three times and Bryan twice .
The Hearst press followed the Chief's progress at the various state conventions with its usual admiring attention , stressing the `` enthusiasm '' and `` loyalty '' he inspired .
This was historic in its way , for it marked the first time an American Presidential aspirant had advertised his own virtues in his own string of newspapers spanning the land .
When Nan Patterson , a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a Floradora road show , rode down Broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover , Frank Young , she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead , tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so .
Trevelyan's Liberalism was above all a liberalism of the spirit , a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty .
His passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of Garibaldi's exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described .
The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority .
The confused rambling of guerrilla warfare , such as most of Garibaldi's campaigns were , was brought to life by Trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books .
Trevelyan's Manin And The Venetian Revolution Of 1848 , his last major volume on an Italian theme , was written in a minor key .
Published in 1923 , it did not gain the popular acclaim of the Garibaldi volumes , probably because Trevelyan felt less at home with Manin , the bourgeois lawyer , than with Garibaldi , the filibuster .
If it is not one of his best books , it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own Garibaldi .
First The Life Of John Bright appeared and seven years later Lord Grey Of The Reform Bill .
Trevelyan centers too exclusively on Bright , is insufficiently appreciative of the views of Bright's opponents and critics , and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by Peel .
Associated in a sense with the Manchester School through his mother's family , Trevelyan conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive .
Nineteenth-century virtues , however , seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the Bright book has never been particularly popular .
Characteristically , Trevelyan enjoyed writing the work .
The Liberal-Radical heritage which informs all of Trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period .
Research in the period of Grey and Bright led naturally to a more ambitious work .
The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832 .
Economic analysis was never Trevelyan's strong point and the England of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis .
Yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account .
Its success is a tribute , above all , to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist .
These lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as A History Of England .
The History takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than English schoolboys , and like Britain in the nineteenth century it deteriorates badly as it goes beyond 1870 .
But as a stimulating , provocative interpretation of the broad sweep of English development it is incomparable .
Living pictures of the early boroughs , country life in Tudor and Stuart times , the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature , the common law , parliamentary development .
Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples .
His nationalism was not a new characteristic , but its self-consciousness , even its self-satisfaction , is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of English history .
And yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth remembering .
Four years after the publication of The History Of England , the first volume of Trevelyan's Queen Anne trilogy appeared .
By now he had become Regius Professor of Modern History at Cambridge and had been honored by the award of the Order of Merit .
Blenheim was followed in rapid succession by Ramillies And The Union With Scotland and by The Peace And The Protestant Succession , the three forming together a detailed picture of England under Queen Anne .
Trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where Macaulay's History Of England had broken off .
In addition , he believed in the `` dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14 , lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own '' .
To most observers , there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history .
Yet in several chapters on Scotland in the eighteenth century , Trevelyan copes persuasively with the tangled confusion of Scottish politics against a vivid background of Scottish religion , customs , and traditions .
Questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities .
`` May we come with you '' ? ?
`` Well , I might not get that far '' , I told them , `` as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and , as a matter of fact , no permit to return to France once I leave '' .
That was all they needed .
There was only one hitch : the small town of Kehl , on the other side of the Rhine , was still under French jurisdiction .
As I got off the trolley at Kehl bridge the next morning , I was met by what looked like 5,000 students , some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming `` battle '' with the police .
This is full evidence of your support for my principles .
These principles , however , will not be served by violence in any form .
If they are right , they will prevail of and by themselves .
If one finger is raised against the authorities , all our moral power will vanish .
I have full confidence in you .
Now , let's go '' .
I took one step eastward .
One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way , demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany .
`` No , I have no permission to enter Germany '' , I told him .
`` Is this then the frontier '' ? ?
I asked him .
At this , the students let out a yell , knowing full well the actual frontier was beyond the town of Kehl .
But there is no line between France and Germany , that is , no actual line .
I asked .
I have witnesses .
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' .
Then will you give me a visa to re-enter France '' ? ?
`` Ah , then please tell me where the frontier is because this gentleman here '' -- I indicated the French occupation officer -- `` informs me that Germany is just on the other side of him '' .
`` There must be a line '' ! !
And `` Bravo , Garry , continue '' ! !
Finally they went off to file their stories , after the photographers had taken pictures of my latest vigil .
`` It will be very cold '' .
`` I don't know '' , I told him , `` except that I will be here '' .
`` I shall see about getting you a tent '' , he said .
The day passed eventfully enough , with a constant stream of visitors , some stopping only to say hello , others getting into serious conversations , such as one Andre Fuchs , a free-lance journalist from Strasbourg who wrote an article for the Nouvelle Alsatian in highly sympathetic terms .
Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week .
A little later , the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent .
`` You do not know me '' , she said in good English , `` but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child '' .
Each evening the students appeared with the soup kettle and several petits pains , Esther usually being among them .
I had advised friends to write me to `` No Man's Land , Pont Kehl , Between Strasbourg and Kehl , France-Germany '' .
On Christmas Eve , students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placed on either side of the tent .
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent .
To my great surprise and delight , when they saw the two trees they went rushing off , returning shortly with decorations from their own trees .
It was a merry if somewhat soggy Christmas for me that year .
When Dr. Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case , he gave them his personal approval of my entry , saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany .
As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th , I retired into my tent early , somewhat tired and discouraged , my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure .
I've had a trying day and I just can't make it out again '' , I told them .
She entreated me to see a doctor , and when I refused , brought one out to see me .
Esther , mistaking my hesitation , assured me that the hospital expense would be taken care of by a leading merchant in Strasbourg whom she had already approached .
Without preliminaries , Esther asked him , `` If you are a world citizen , will you take Garry Davis' place in his tent while he goes to the hospital '' ? ?
`` But of course , with pleasure '' , he replied .
Esther looked at me .
I looked from her to him .
`` What is your name '' ? ?
I asked him .
`` Shake '' , I said .
`` You have just enlisted for the ' Rhine Campaign ' '' .
Now come , Garry , we must go quickly .
There is a police car outside .
Maybe they will take us '' .
When the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted , with his horse pressed broadside against Cleburne's log parapet in a tangled group of infantrymen .
Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory .
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day .
A popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this assault .
While Thomas' injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to .
It is not in the record , but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Tree Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton's crumbling line .
The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1 .
About noon they came up with the enemy two miles from Lovejoy's Station and deployed .
That night a note written in Slocum's hand and dated from inside the captured city came to Sherman stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta .
Before making the news public Sherman sent an officer with the note to Thomas .
The next day Sherman issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to Atlanta .
For some time , despondency in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two ways -- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with Lincoln .
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected .
Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability , courage and perseverance .
Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure .
Next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action .
Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicably nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from Lovejoy's to Atlanta .
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks .
The skirmishing was almost constant .
The casualties in the Army of the Cumberland were 22,807 , while for all three armies they were 37,081 .
Modern warfare was born in this campaign -- periscopes , camouflage , booby traps , land mines , extended order , trench raids , foxholes , armored cars , night attacks , flares , sharpshooters in trees , interlaced vines and treetops , which were the forerunners of barbed wire , trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge , which presaged the mine trap , and the general use of anesthetics .
This system was dependent upon identical maps and Thomas supplied them from a mobile lithograph press .
Sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the Atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks .
To the Rebels it seemed as if Sherman carried tunnels and bridges in his pockets .
The whistle of Sherman's locomotives often drowned out the rattle of the skirmish fire .
The fossilized , formalized , precedent-based thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in Sherman's armies .
He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it .
A horse needed twenty pounds of food a day but the infantryman got along with two pounds .
He would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country .
It failed to work .
Every recorded request by Thomas for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses .
Well led , properly organized cavalry , in its complementary role to infantry , had four functions .
Third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications .
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .
Its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign .
Sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as Thomas but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings .
Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways , yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what Forrest might do to his communications .
It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and McPherson's aggressive impulse faded out , overwhelmed by fears of the unknown .
To relieve the itch and sweat galls , the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming .
Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow , who commanded the First Brigade of Thomas' First Cavalry Division , was ordered across one of these fords .
The water was deep and Brownlow took his troopers across naked -- except for guns , cartridge boxes and hats .
They kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels , drove the Rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men .
In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell , Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further : ``
The result was that I found myself in the ridiculous position of having made a formal engagement by letter for the next week , only two days before my departure from London .
Some , she knew , looked upon Thompson almost as a saint , but others read in `` The Hound Of Heaven '' what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner , who , like Oscar Wilde , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' .
Consequently , on October 31 , 1896 , Mrs. King wrote to Thompson , quite against her daughter's wishes , asking him not to `` recommence a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some weeks '' .
For his part , Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between Katie and himself .
At no time does he seem to have proposed marriage , and Mrs. King was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation .
After Thompson came to London to live , he received a letter from Katie , which was dated February 8 , 1897 .
This letter concluded with an invitation : ``
I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital .
Katherine Douglas King '' The invitation was accepted and other letters followed , in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served .
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing .
The terrible blow of the New Year put an end to that project .
I wish you would return them to her .
I have not the heart .
O my genius , young and ripening , you would swear , -- when I wrote them ; ;
What has it all come to ? ?
I want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems , dear father-brother , now I am gone ; ;
and launch them on the world when their time comes .
I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening , about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye .
It is strange ; ;
Thompson , of course , was persuaded not to take the `` terrible step '' ; ;
The publication of Father Connolly's The Man Has Wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty .
Some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love ; ;
In `` My Song's Young Virgin Date '' , for example , Thompson wrote : `` Yea , she that had my song's young virgin date Not now , alas , that noble singular she , I nobler hold , though marred from her once state , Than others in their best integrity .
Reid simply states , without offering any supporting evidence , that `` after he returned to London , he resumed his draughts of laudanum , and continued this right up to his death '' .
There is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life , as we shall see , Thompson did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness , but the exact date at which this began has never been determined .
In any event , the critical productivity of that time is abundant proof that if he was taking laudanum , it was never in command of him to the extent that it had been during his vagrant years .
3 ,
On the basis of this careful reading , Thompson frequently gave a clear , complete , and interesting description of a prose work or chose effective quotations to illustrate his discussions of poetry .
It was , of course , in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author .
Of course , there were books about which nothing good could be said .
By June 19 , 1788 , he had presented himself to its Commander in Chief , the Governor of the Southern Provinces , the Director of the War College -- The Prince .
Catherine's first war against the Grand Turk had ended in 1774 with a peace treaty quite favorable to her .
By 1783 her legions had managed to annex the Crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now , in this second combat with the Crescent , were aiming at suzerainty over all of the Black Sea's northern shoreline .
those of 1788 were going to prove decisive , though many of their details are obscure .
Potemkin was directing this conflict on three fronts : in the Caucasus ; ;
along the Danube and among the Carpathians , in alliance with the Emperor Joseph's armies ; ;
and in the misty marshlands and shallow coastal waters of Nogay Tartary and Taurida , including the Crimean peninsula .
Here the war would flame to its focus , and here Lewis Littlepage had come .
As his second in command The Prince had Marshal Repnin , one-time Ambassador to Poland .
Repnin , who had a rather narrow face , longish nose , high forehead , and arching brows , looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles .
Some people thought he lacked both ability and character , but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and , for a Russian , humane .
Representing the Emperor were the Prince De Ligne , still as impetuous as a youth of twenty ; ;
From Milan came the young Chevalier De Litta , an officer in the service of Malta .
Out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg , one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies , a frank , sensitive , popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would `` always recall with the sincerest gratitude '' .
Though Catherine was vexed at the number of French officers streaming to the Turkish standard , there were several under her own , such as the Prince De Nassau ; ;
and the artillerist , Colonel Prevost , whom the Count De Segur had persuaded to lend his technical skills to Nassau .
From America were the Messrs. Littlepage and Jones .
Lewis had expected to report at once to Jones's and Nassau's naval command post .
'' So of course he stayed put .
Having done so , he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time .
The Prince's perceptions were quick and his energy monstrous , but these qualities were sapped by an Oriental lethargy and a policy of letting nothing interfere with personal passions .
At headquarters -- sufficiently far from the firing line to make you forget occasionally that you were in a war -- Lewis found that the Commander in Chief's only desk was his knees ( and his only comb , his fingers ) .
Lewis could let his eye caress The Prince's divan , covered with a rose-pink and silver Turkish cloth , or admire the lovely tapis , interwoven with gold , that spread across the floor .
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby .
At dinner the courses were carried in by tall cuirassiers in red capes and black fur caps topped with tufts of feathers , marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy .
For if Serenissimus made the sign of the Cross with his right hand , and meant it , with his left he beckoned lewdly to any lady who happened to catch his eye .
When a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers , Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris for replacements .
He had collared one of his generals in public .
Kind by nature , he never refused charity to a beggar or help to anyone who asked him for it ( as Lewis would one day discover ) .
When Littlepage was introduced , if the General behaved as usual , the newcomer faced a staccato salvo of queries : origin ? ?
Age ? ?
Current status ? ?
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely .
Despising luxuries of any sort for a soldier , he slept on a pile of hay with his cloak as blanket .
His breakfast was tea ; ;
He kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by , he would mew at it in friendly fashion .
He had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at Court ; ;
in camp he knew it won you the affection of your men .
He had also mastered the Cossack tongue .
To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place With Fire And Sword ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , Bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the Black Sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey .
He knew how to channel their exuberant disorderliness so as to transform them from mere plunderers into A-1 guerrilla fighters .
broader leather belt round the waist , holding cartridges and light sabre .
`` Transparent look , waxy skin -- could well be uremia '' .
The little official hung his head in shame .
Seeing this , his colleague at the next desk gave a short , contemptuous laugh , pushed forward his own ash tray , innocent of a single butt , thumped his chest to show his excellent condition , and looked proud .
It was funny but it was also touching .
I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients '' .
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written .
Several years of her life have been spent in the homeland , and she had written to friends to alert them of our coming .
They are longing to see you '' .
The wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign strangers , but I planned on being the soul of tact , of giving them plenty of outs was there the tiniest implication that their cups were already running over without us .
My diplomacy was needless .
The curving benches are broken , chipped , tumbled , but still in place , as are the marble chairs , the seats of honor for the legislators .
The carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part headless , but their exquisitely graceful nude and draped torsos and the kneeling Atlantes are well preserved in their perfect proportion .
Will it live up to its reputation ? ?
We are here ! !
We've come a long way and spent a lot of money .
The light at that time is a benediction .
All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look .
Nearby is the temple of Athena .
For some happy reason Doric , Ionic , and Corinthian have always stuck in my mind .
Furthermore I can identify each design .
The columns of the Parthenon are fluted Doric .
Gun on shoulder , he would march smartly for a few yards , bring his heels together with a click , make a brisk pirouette , skirts flaring , and march back to his point of departure .
We did not dare speak to so exalted a being , but Norton aimed his camera and shot him , so to speak , on the rise , the split second between the halt and the turn .
The evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy Sakellariadis , who were friends and patients of Norton , to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean .
The Acropolis had been scheduled for the treatment too , but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the Athenians themselves , out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion , were wont to forgo their own usual nocturnal illumination .
The Artists contended that the Philistines , gross of soul , were all for having Son et Lumiere , since the French were footing the bill and the attraction , wherever it had been done , had proven popular .
It was very stimulating .
This is a public bathing beach , easily accessible by tramway from the center of Athens .
Office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the siesta period , which , during the summer , lasts from two until five in the afternoon , when shops and offices are again open for business .
They close sometime after eight .
The sand is fine and pleasant , the cabanas are clean , and the parasols , green , raspberry , and butter yellow , are very gay .
We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly .
One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation .
We were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans , but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek refinement , perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios .
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll , and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs .
A good deal of English was spoken on the beach , most educated Greeks learn it in childhood , and there were also American wives and children of our overseas servicemen .
For a delightful drive out of Athens I should recommend Sounion , at the end of the Attic Peninsula .
I suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be encrusted with developments , but at present it is deserted and seductive .
Gaunt scaffoldings adjoined the ruins , and on the ground segments of columns two and a half to three feet in thickness were being fitted with sections cunningly chiseled to match exactly the fluting and proportion of the original .
Norton and I dined one night in a sea-food restaurant in Piraeus right on the water's edge .
Across the road is the kitchen , and waiters bearing great trays of dishes dodge traffic as nimbly as their French colleagues at the restaurant in the Place Du Tertre in Paris .
This restaurant , too , had a cat , a dusty , thin little creature .
This of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met , who loved their pets , but kindness is not a basic human instinct .
We met some charming Athenians , and among them our chauffeur Panyotis ranked high .
His English was limited , and the little he knew he found irritating .
They would be lolling under a tree sipping Ouzo , relishing the leisurely life , assuring him that the day was yet young .
To exonerate the legislature and thereby extricate himself from a sticky situation , Pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been bilked .
The charge was so farfetched that Woodruff paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the Crittenden organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels .
The game is not worth the ammunition it would cost .
Over the months he became a political gadfly with an incessant barrage of satirical poems ridiculing Woodruff , the `` Casca '' letters belittling Woodruff , and long analytical articles vilifying Woodruff .
So persistent were these attacks that in March of the following year , Woodruff was finally moved to action , and Pike was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics , the subtle art of diversion .
By this time Woodruff had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride , a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned , and who would be anxious to avenge himself .
Pike's honor would now come under attack , but not by Woodruff himself .
The anonymous correspondent did not resort to innuendoes .
He called Pike a thief .
He said Pike had stolen mules from Harris during the Santa Fe expedition ; ;
The charges caught Pike off balance , coming as they did from an unexpected quarter .
Outraged , he used the Advocate of March 7th for a denial , sending immediately to Santa Fe and Van Buren for documents to vindicate himself , and demanding that Woodruff reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym .
To Pike , silence was tantamount to an admission of guilt , and he determined to get Robinson onto the dueling ground at all costs .
On April 11th he wrote an open letter in The Advocate , making it known `` to the world that Jas. W. Robinson is by his own admission a base liar and a slanderer '' .
If Robinson was a liar and a slanderer , he was also a very canny gentleman , for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him .
It took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done , and it had a profound effect on him .
Once he learned a lesson , he never forgot it .
One-armed , gruff , frugally honest , Governor Pope had been the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the disgraceful antics of political bosses like Crittenden , and he ruled the state with an iron fist , tolerating no nonsense .
This warm relationship came to an abrupt end in June of 1834 when the National Congress appropriated $3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of Arkansas Territory , and , taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the legislature , left it to the governor to award the contract .
Woodruff wanted this political windfall very badly , and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his stanchest supporter .
After all , Woodruff owned a competent printing plant and was the logical man for the job .
But because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other , he looked for a printer with a knowledge of the law ( which Woodruff did not have ) , and awarded the contract to a lawyer named John Steele who had started a newspaper in Helena the year before .
Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff , he aired his feelings in The Gazette on August 26 , 1834 : :
`` We think the governor treated us rather shabbily , to say the least of it .
It is but justice to Mr. Steele for us to add that , in the above remarks , nothing is intended to his disparagement , either as a lawyer or as a printer .
As summer cooled into fall and winter , even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day , and by December of 1834 it was icy .
The eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that Woodruff still held .
Very angry at Woodruff , the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from The Gazette and awarded to the lowest bidder , which , by a strange coincidence , happened to be Pike's Advocate .
Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson , and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days .
2
His accomplishments , and the fact that he was resident , did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe Little Rock after a visit there .
The internationally known sportsman and traveler Friedrich Gerstacker was typical of its detractors in the mid-thirties .
'' He wrote .
`` Little Rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place , if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' .
He again began to play the violin , and tucking the instrument beneath his chin , performed soulful and romantic airs to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him .
His artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering .
He composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft , melodious voice , and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike .
The bulk of his early reputation , however , came not from his poetry or his music , but from his excellence as an orator .
By 1834 the art of oratory had reached a very high level in the United States as a literary form .
The orator of this period , in order to earn a reputation , had to pay close attention to the formal composition of his speech , judging how it would appear in print as well as the effect it would have on the audience that heard it .
Very soon after his arrival in Little Rock , Pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town , the Little Rock Debating Society , and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator , being invited to deliver the annual Fourth of July address the club sponsored every year .
The historian Charles Francis Adams called him `` a crude and half-crazy thinker '' .
His contemporaries in Massachusetts called him an arch-heretic , a beast , a miscreant , a proud and pestilent seducer , a prodigious minter of exorbitant novelties .
On the other hand , Dr. Ezra Styles recorded the following testimony of John Angell , the last disciple of Gorton : ``
He fought like a fiend for the helpless and oppressed , worked for the abolition of slavery , helped the Quakers and Indians , and worked against the prosecution of witches .
Gorton left England , he said , `` to enjoy libertie of conscience in respect to faith towards God , and for no other end '' .
She was Ellen Aldridge , a widow of good repute who was employed by Gorton's wife and lived with the family .
The report was : ``
Gorton appeared for her , however , and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty , for he was charged with deluding the court , fined , and told to leave the colony within fourteen days .
He left in a storm for Pocasset , December 4 , 1638 .
His wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with measles .
One can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves .
A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on Gorton's land .
While driving the cow back home the woman was assaulted by a servant maid of Gorton .
Gorton reverted to his Plymouth tactics , refused to let her go , and appeared himself before the Portsmouth grand jury .
During the trial he told off the jury , called them `` Just Asses '' and called a freeman `` a saucy boy and Jack-an-Apes '' .
He held that no group of colonists could set up or maintain a government without royal sanction .
Roger Williams wrote his friend Winthrop as follows : ``
yet the tide is too strong against us , and I fear ( if the framer of hearts help not ) it will force me to little Patience , a little isle next to your Prudence '' .
Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence , the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet , alas , gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers .
As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` Come and get it '' .
If Gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it .
However , the General Court at Boston ordered the purchasers of Shawomet to appear before them to answer the sachems' claim .
The purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms .
It pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters , and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used .
The latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence , which offer was declined by the invaders .
The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should `` look upon them as men prepared for slaughter '' .
Gorton evidently still had plenty to learn about Massachusetts , but he was learning fast .
You may do well to take notice , that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there , there are twelve of the English that have subscribed their names to horrible and detestable blasphemies , who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should delude us by winning time under pretence of arbitration '' .
The attackers sent for more soldiers , and the defenders , to save bloodshed , surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors .
On Sunday they refused to attend church .
The magistrates were determined to compel them .
The Gortonists were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives .
Four ecclesiastical questions were presented by the General Court to Gorton : `` 1 .
Whether the Fathers , who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary , were justified and saved only by the blood which he shed , and the death which he suffered after his incarnation ? ?
Whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of Christ on the cross , with the rest of his sufferings and obediences , in the time of his life here , after he was born of the Virgin Mary ? ?
3 .
Who was the God whom he thinke we serve ? ?
4 .
What he means when he saith , wee worship the starre of our God Remphan , Chion , Moloch '' ? ?
All of the elders except three voted for death , but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the sentence .
Seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in irons for as long as it pleased the court , set to work and , if they broke jail or proclaimed heresy , to be executed if convicted .
Papa was still elated over his afternoon visit downtown .
`` Baby , I saw a lot of old friends I hadn't seen in a long time '' , he told me , his eyes bright .
The next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits .
We got Dr. Glenn to him as quickly as we could , and we wired Tom of Papa's desperate condition .
The hemorrhage was in the prostate region ; ;
`` He has lost much blood '' , he said .
Let me give Papa blood '' .
The doctor agreed , but explained that it would be necessary first to check Fred's blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa's .
To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him .
One had to find a donor , and usually very quickly , whose blood corresponded with the patient's .
They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them , for one thing , and there was much required preliminary procedure .
by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun hemorrhaging .
Fred demanded .
Papa had left us about the same hour of the night that Ben had passed on .
The date was June 20 , 1922 .
`` W. O. Wolfe , prominent business man and pioneer resident of this section , died shortly after midnight Tuesday at his home 48 Spruce Street '' , the Asheville Times of Wednesday , June 21 , announced .
Beloved Dr. R. F. Campbell , our First Presbyterian Church pastor , was in charge .
A few years before his death Papa had agreed with Mama to make a joint will with her in which it would be provided that in the event of the death of either of them an accounting would be made to their children whereby each child would receive a bequest of $5000 cash .
At his death Fred and Ralph , my husband , were named executors of the estate under the terms of the will .
This , manifestly , would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children .
Tom had received four years of education at the University of North Carolina and two at Harvard , and Fred had been in and out of Georgia Tech and Carneigie Tech and part of the time had been a self-help student .
So , because he had received less than Tom , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained .
And that's how Papa's estate was divided .
his hospital and doctor bills had been large and his income had been cut until he was receiving little except small rentals on some properties he still owned .
But he had delayed accepting this job , and as he was leaving to come home to Papa in response to our telegram , he dropped a postcard to Miss McCrady , head of the Harvard Appointment Office , asking her please to write Northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances .
Actually Tom had been postponing giving them an answer , I'm confident , because he did not want to go out there to teach .
He wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of playwriting .
That spring Welcome To Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May .
It ran until past one o'clock .
Tom never knew how to condense , to boil down .
He was a big man , and he wanted nothing little , squeezed ; ;
In this play there were some thirty or more named characters and I don't know how many more unnamed .
He said he would do it , though probably nobody would produce it , for his own `` soul's ease and comfort '' .
That summer Tom attended the summer session at Harvard , but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall .
He hung around New York , waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill , where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots .
Well , the Theatre Guild kept that play , and kept it , and finally in December they turned it down .
But they would reconsider it , they assured him , if he would rewrite it .
Tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested .
He thought about it and he told the man he just couldn't do it over in accordance with the suggestions he had made .
There are millions who accept this doctrine , but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day .
I was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities .
I went to the Christian Endeavor Society and to the evening service of the church .
The young people were self-energizing , and I was energized .
At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion .
Try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation , no answer came to me from heaven .
There is , of course , the doctrine of original sin , which asserts that each of us as individuals partakes of the guilt of our first ancestor .
In the rhyming catechism this doctrine is worded thus : `` In Adam's fall We sin-ned all '' .
I did not feel it presumptuous to expect that the Creator would be at least as just as the most righteous of His creatures ; ;
Some of these thoughts -- not all of them -- have taken organized form in later years .
The actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort .
I bethought me of the Lord's Prayer , and these words came to mind : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' .
From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth .
His father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary , and from him he acquired a conviction , which he passed along to me , that there is in the universe of persons a moral law , the law of love , which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law .
It is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships , whether individually , socially or as between whole nations of people .
If obeyed , the law brings order and satisfaction .
If disobeyed , the result is turmoil and chaos .
They are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true .
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man .
Each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life .
He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good .
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility .
My own experience has followed simpler lines .
Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy , nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience .
To obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense , applied to a neglected field .
One of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life .
These lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are unburdened with moral responsibility .
So far as `` sacredness '' inheres in any aspect of creation it seems to me to be found in human personality , whether in Lambarene , Africa , or in Washington , D.C. .
Read , for instance , in Malcolm MacDonald's Borneo People of Segura and her wise father Tomonggong Koh , and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization .
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization .
Persons , whether white , black , brown or yellow , are a concern of God .
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers .
As to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' .
As I have said , words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : `` That mind and soul , according well , May make one music as before '' .
Let us now give some thought to the soul .
He told me that he had a big newt and a little newt and that he was transplanting a big eye of the big newt onto the little newt and a little eye of the little newt onto the big newt .
He was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it , while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other .
Said he , `` It teaches me to wonder '' .
This was a profound statement .
In the face of the unfolding universe , our ultimate attitude is that of wonder .
For them only a little more needed to be learned , and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted , packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem .
None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge .
There are some people , intelligent people , who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives .
This is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure materialism .
His inability to wonder vitiates his argument .
The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland .
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature .
I have chosen five contrasting pairs , ten men in all , and they are arranged in roughly chronological order .
Stephen Gosson and Sir Philip Sidney from renaissance England ; ;
They both measure literature by moral standards , and in their political writings both allow for censorship , but the differences between them are also significant .
Only those story tellers will remain who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' .
Plato is , at times , just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work .
In Plato's mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher , because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction , much less the highest level of ideal forms .
only the philosopher knows the truth .
We can be virtuous only if we control our lower natures , the passions in this case , and strengthen our rational side ; ;
and poetry , with all its emphasis on the passions , encourages the audience to give way to emotion .
His whole objection , indeed , seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets do have great power to influence , but Plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself .
We may further grant to those of her ( Poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;
for if this can be proved we shall surely be the gainers -- I mean , if there is a use in poetry as well as a delight '' .
In the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories .
For this reason , he would banish indecent pictures and speeches from the stage ; ;
and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables .
In Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the Poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it .
It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience .
Any tragedy , he maintains , has six elements : plot , character , and thought ( the objects of imitation ) , diction and melody ( the means of imitation ) , and spectacle ( the manner of imitation ) .
Throughout the rest of the Poetics , Aristotle continues to discuss the characteristics of these six parts and their interrelationship , and he refers frequently to the standards suggested by his definition of tragedy .
Aristotle's method in the Poetics , then , does suggest that we should isolate the work .
But there are , however , several features of Aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature .
For one thing , Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience .
In addition , his definition of a tragedy invites our attention , because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters .
In his study Samuel Johnson , Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is `` less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts '' .
In Krutch's view , this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a moralist .
Or in more Freudian terms , the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego .
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence .
Both sides claimed that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause .
Those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , pointed to Plato's Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the Ion to testify in their behalf .
The most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps Sir Philip Sidney's An Apologie For Poetrie , published in 1595 .
What is not so well known , however , and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel , is the kind of attack on literature that Sidney was answering .
Second , we will see how Sidney answered the charges , for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to Gosson , his arguments do support the new theater .
But his opposition hardened and by 1579 , in The School Of Abuse , he was ready to banish all `` players '' .
He advises women to beware `` of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth '' .
Fortunately , it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvement of values in education .
In the latter research program , information is available for 2,758 Cornell students surveyed in 1950 and for 1,571 students surveyed in 1952 .
Of the latter sample , 944 persons had been studied two years earlier ; ;
In addition , the 1952 study collected comparable data from 4,585 students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the country : Dartmouth , Harvard , Yale , Wesleyan , North Carolina , Fisk , Texas , University of California at Los Angeles , Wayne , and Michigan .
rather , the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values .
Other conceivable goals , such as character-education and social adjustment , are of secondary importance to them .
The ideal of a liberal education impresses itself upon the students more and more as they move through college .
Even in such technical curricula as engineering , the senior is much more likely than the freshman to choose , as an ideal , liberal education over specific vocational preparation .
There is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values .
The selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data : the `` success-oriented '' students choose vocational preparation , the `` other-directed '' choose goals of social adjustment ( `` getting along with people '' ) , the `` intellectuals '' choose a liberal arts emphasis .
The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices .
There is impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of life .
But they are optimistic about their prospects in these regards ; ;
Within the fixed frame of these aspirations , they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and people-oriented aspects of occupation and to minimize the instrumental-reward values of power , prestige , and wealth .
Occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations .
We find `` reluctant recruits '' whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's characteristics .
Thus , many a creativity-oriented aspirant for a career in architecture , drama , or journalism , resigns himself to a real estate business ; ;
and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it .
For them , in the grim words of a once-popular song , love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage .
They even accept the `` double standard '' of sex morality in a double sense , i.e. , both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women , and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men .
`` Conservatism '' and `` traditionalism '' seem implied by what has just been said .
But these terms are treacherous .
In the field of political values , it is certainly true that students are not radical , not rebels against their parents or their peers .
And as they go through college , the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they belong .
Yet they have accepted most of the extant `` welfare state '' provisions for health , security , and the regulation of economic affairs , and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional `` liberalism '' of the Bill of Rights .
When their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social expediency in specific issues , e.g. , suppression of `` dangerous ideas '' , many waver and give in .
The students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups , to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes , and to lack a basic faith in people .
Detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu , the students tend to assimilate a new common culture , to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus .
For instance , college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties .
In a real sense they are admittedly conservative , but their conservatism incorporates a traditionalized embodiment of the original `` radicalism '' of 1776 .
Few students are really so faceless in the not-so-lonely crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning .
And it may be well to recall that to say `` conformity '' is , in part , another way of saying `` orderly human society '' .
Their commitments are , for the most part , couched in a familiar idiom .
The `` cult of adjustment '' does exist .
Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement .
Our first impression of the data was that the students were surprisingly orthodox and religiously involved .
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data .
Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures .
From New Jersey , Morgan hastened to the headquarters of Washington at Whitemarsh , Pennsylvania , arriving there on November 18th .
There was much sickness in the corps , and the men were , in addition , without the clothing , shoes , and blankets needed for the winter weather .
On the morning of November 17th , Cornwallis and 2,000 men had left Philadelphia with the object of capturing Fort Mercer at Red Bank , New Jersey .
In order to prevent this , Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the Marquis De Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes .
Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of Cornwallis , Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats .
`` I never saw men '' , Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' .
The British general moved his forces north from Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill , near the right wing of the patriot encampment .
Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia .
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait .
Now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British , giving them another telling round of fire .
The redcoats ran like rabbits .
The Americans lost forty-four men , among them Major Joseph Morris of Morgan's regiment , an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection , not only by his commander , but by Washington and Lafayette as well .
The latter was so upset on learning of the death of Morris , that he wrote Morgan a letter , showing his own warmhearted generosity .
But you could ( as from yourself ) tell her that you had friends who , being with the army , don't know what to do with their money and would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars '' .
This was accordingly done , and the plight of the grateful Mrs. Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known .
Apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General Gates had approached him at Saratoga , namely , that George Washington be replaced , Morgan was vehement in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around Philadelphia .
Peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding , and evidently , from the quarrel , obtained an unfavorable impression of Morgan's judgment .
Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous .
In order to see that this hindering situation remained effective , Washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the Philadelphia area .
The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency .
In his dealings with offenders , however , Morgan was typically firm but just .
For example , he captured some persons from York County , who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods .
Daniel Morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather .
Also , he was now forty-three years old .
If there be a disinterested patriot in America , 'tis General Washington , and his bravery , none can question '' .
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too , when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States .
His fellow Virginian , George Washington , had stated , `` I believe no event was ever received with more heartfelt joy '' .
The dreary camp at Valley Forge was turned into an arena of rejoicing .
His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly .
Apparently no serious disorders resulted from the celebration , and within a few days , Morgan joined the force of Lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at Barren Hill , not far above Philadelphia on the Schuylkill .
The Frenchman had been ordered to approach the enemy's lines , harass them and get intelligence of their movements .
Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive , for on May 17th , 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert .
Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of May , he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained .
Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia , and would return on May 26th , escorted by several officers from Maryland `` belonging to the new levies in the British service '' .
Ford urged Morgan to capture these men , who , he thought , might be disguised as Quakers or peasants .
But Morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general .
A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated , `` His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion '' .
It was not merely a hunger for `` money , gold and precious objects '' that delayed the papal pronouncement that could have brought the war to an end ; ;
On the other hand , he did not want to offend Edward either , and he found himself in a very difficult position .
On the surface , the whole question was purely feudal .
But Edward was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason , and his insubordinate vassal was the ally of the king of France .
Because of these involvements in the matter at stake , Boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless .
He was a learned and brilliant man , one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight , and yet in his dealings with other people , particularly when he tried to be ingratiating , he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives .
And yet he made no pretense about it ; ;
The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of Albert of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English , for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when Philip made an alliance with the new king of the Romans .
In spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier , the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on , and although little is known about it , that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict .
A second truce had been arbitrated in April , 1298 , by Jean D'Arlay , lord of Chalon-sur-Saone , the most staunch of Edward's Burgundian allies , and these last were represented in the discussions at the Curia by Gautier de Montfaucon , Othon's neighbor and a member of the Vaudois coalition .
But although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king , Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy .
This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission , and they could foresee that that would not be easy .
This was a doubly bitter blow to the king .
Bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities , and while the English , so far , had done no more than grumble , Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to , for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops , and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued .
These chatty merchants made amusing and instructive traveling companions , for their business took them to all four corners of the globe , and Florentine gossip had already reached a high stage of development as even a cursory glance at the Inferno will prove .
A northern ambassador , willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open , could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the Curia .
They had other topics of conversation , besides their news from courts and fairs , which were of interest to Othon , the builder of castles in Wales and churches in his native country .
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ;
the Low Countries , where the Middle Ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when Charles the Bold of Burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of Grandson .
It was a very tempting offer .
My father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother , who had a fear of being in debt to anyone -- even Alfred Alpert .
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred .
The six miles between the towns became an ocean and the Alperts became a family of strangers .
And when Alfred was forced into his bed , Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair .
Tessie could do nothing for Alfred .
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable .
Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her .
Alfred knew that , too .
I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't .
My father , who liked Alfred very much , was a constant visitor .
One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me .
He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be , and Alfred understood .
Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home .
the nearest one was forty miles away in Kingston .
He sent me for Meltzer the Butcher , whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi .
I sat down to wait , and I watched Tessie Alpert , who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window .
For a few minutes there was nothing to hear .
Then Meltzer's voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the Kaddish , the prayer for the dead .
I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind Meltzer's like a counterpoint , punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation .
There was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer -- it was the end of a life , the end of hope , and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning .
Alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital .
Alfred , leaning on Meltzer , stopped for a minute to look at Tessie .
She didn't turn away from the window .
Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car .
Alfred looked straight ahead .
Alfred ! !
Speak to me '' .
Harry followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards Kingston .
He stood there watching until it had gone from his sight .
The jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water ? ?
-- it evaporated , disappeared , and came back to the earth as rain -- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert .
He came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia .
He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud .
Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live .
Banks had a family -- a wife , a daughter , and a son .
perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks .
She was the opposite of everything she should have been -- a positive pole in a negative home , a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father .
And Lilly's whole family seemed to be an apology for Mr. Banks .
Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard , probing eyes .
For every rude word of Mr. Banks's the family had five in apology .
She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop , help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes , mop the floors , put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders .
When these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find .
To me it was a game , to her it was the deadly seriousness of life .
Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk .
It wasn't hard to understand .
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl .
She had the hips of a boy and a loose-jointed walk that reminded me of a string of beads strolling down the street .
It was unexpected , unexpected because Lilly walked with her head bent down , down , and her mark of friendship was to look into your face .
This huge hulk played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream .
Karl played well and his favorite song was a Schubert lullaby .
I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from .
In archaeology , for example , the contributions of Frederick Haverfield and Reginald Smith to the various volumes of the Victoria County Histories raised the discipline from the status of an antiquarian pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early English historian .
What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies .
The value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized .
Without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology , however , it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else .
Even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development .
It was therefore not until the publication of J.H. Round's `` The Settlement Of The South And East Saxons '' , and W.H. Stevenson's `` Dr. Guest And The English Conquest Of South Britain '' , that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established .
It was Plummer , in fact , who coined the much quoted remark : `` Mr. Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress '' .
Early in the present century , W. H. Stevenson continued the attack with a savage article against Guest .
It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle .
As R.H. Hodgkin has remarked : `` The critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative .
As Sir Charles Oman once said , `` it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about Old English origins '' .
Their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the West Saxon annals , the confused chronology of Bede , the unreliability of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon genealogies and the mythological elements contained in Nennius are now mostly accepted .
For it is their catastrophic concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions rather than Kemble's gradualist approach which dominates the field .
At this point , of course , the issue has become complicated by a development unforeseen by Lappenberg and Kemble .
They , however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized , agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization .
But beginning , for all practical purposes , with Frederick Seebohm's English Village Community scholars have had to reckon with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between Roman and Anglo-Saxon times which is completely at odds with the reigning concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions .
Against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field , notably F. W. Maitland , whose Domesday Book And Beyond was written expressly for this purpose , and Sir Paul Vinogradoff whose The Growth Of The Manor had a similar aim .
Largely due to their efforts the catastrophic invasion-theory has maintained its position although Seebohm has always found supporters .
This is nevertheless a minority view .
Those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way , like T.W. Shore and Arthur Wade-Evans , are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain .
One reason is , of course , that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources .
The few scholars who have adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , Howorth , Shore , and Wade-Evans , have all been Celtic survivalists .
Again omitting recent developments , E.T. Leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged : `` So far as archaeology is concerned , there is not the least warrant for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories '' .
In recent years , however , a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles .
We must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem .
What exactly are we trying to prove ? ?
We know that the Saxon Shore was a phenonenon of late Roman defensive policy ; ;
Therefore , what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons , in the broad sense in which we must construe the word , in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore .
That is , we must find Saxons in East Anglia , Kent , Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century .
The problem , in other words , is strictly a chronological one .
In Gaul the Saxon element on its Saxon Shore was plainly visible because there the Saxons were an intrusive element in the population .
In Britain , obviously , the archaeological and place-name characteristics of the Saxon Shore region are bound to be Saxon .
It is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century Saxon element from the later , fifth-century mainstream of Anglo-Saxon invasions .
This , naturally , will be difficult to do since both the archaeological and place-name evidence in this period , with some fortunate exceptions , is insufficient for precise chronological purposes .
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ;
Baker gave Leonard Wood credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers ; ;
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred .
The Secretary of War gave his assent after studying the history of the draft in the American Civil War as well as the British volunteer system in World War 1 .
Democratic Floor Leader Claude Kitchin would have no part of the measure .
After Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote : `` May he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country '' .
A man in Mississippi wired : `` Thanks for drawing 258 -- that's me '' .
He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system .
It was one thing to call men to the colors ; ;
The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate .
In a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps , each one accommodating fifty thousand men -- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North .
a typical cantonment in the North had twelve hundred buildings , an electric-sewer-water system , and twenty-five miles of roads .
At Camp Taylor in Kentucky a barracks was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before .
The total operation was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the Panama Canal , but in 1917 time was in short supply ; ;
in three months the Army spent three-quarters as much as had been expended on the `` big Ditch '' in ten years .
To the middle of September 1918 , there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army .
This enviable record would have been maintained but for a great and unexpected disaster which struck the world with murderous stealth .
The malady was popularly known as the `` Spanish flu '' from the alleged locale of its origin .
during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men .
Baker moved first ; ;
Fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of prostitution , with filles de joie from all over the country flocking to San Antonio , Laredo , and El Paso to `` woman the cribs '' .
He also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem , including Commanding General Frederick Funston who gave Fosdick the nickname of `` Reverend '' .
During the brief Mexican venture Fosdick's report to the Secretary recommended a definite stand by the War Department against the saloon and the excesses of prostitution .
Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare , even a newspaper .
There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future .
In Europe , Premier Clemenceau , showing his animal proclivities as the `` Tiger of France '' , asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied .
When Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was : `` For God's sake , Raymond , don't show this to the President or he'll stop the war '' .
Under Fosdick the first executive officer of the CTCA was Richard Byrd , whose name in later years was to become synonymous with activities at the polar antipodes .
He was placed in charge of athletics , and among other things adapted the type of calisthenics known as the daily dozen .
The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Get Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' .
We no longer use the particular terms of Lessing and Victor Hugo .
The sense of relationship overreaches the historical truth that Shakespeare may have known next to nothing of the actual works of Aeschylus , Sophocles , and Euripides .
It overcomes our emphatic awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of dramatic presentation .
The intimations of a related spirit and ordering of human values are stronger than any sense of disparity .
Comparable visions of life are at work in Antigone and Romeo And Juliet .
Oedipus and Lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness .
It is after the late seventeenth century .
I say the late seventeenth century because Racine ( whom Lessing did not really know ) stands on the far side of the chasm .
The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in Phedre and Athalie .
It is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return .
It is only then that the ancient habits of feeling and the classic orderings of material and psychological experience were abandoned .
With the Discours de la methode and the Principia the things undreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world .
In Greek tragedy as in Shakespeare , mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man .
the Weird Sisters wait for the soul of Macbeth .
We cannot conceive of Oedipus without a Sphinx , nor of Hamlet without a Ghost .
And the entirety of the natural world is party to the action .
In tragedy , lightning is a messenger .
Oedipus and Lear instruct us how little of the world belongs to man .
Mortality is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch , and to all sentinels , whether at Elsinore or on the battlements at Mycenae , the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle .
It banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose .
But at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since Agamemnon's blood cried out for vengeance , disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama .
From it , spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man .
Its sphere is that of royal courts , dynastic quarrels , and vaulting ambitions .
The same metaphors of swift ascent and calamitous decline apply to Oedipus and Macbeth because they applied also to Alcibiades and Essex .
Similarly the sufferings of Hamlet , Othello , or Phedre engage the fortunes of the state .
They are enacted at the heart of the body politic .
Hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate , the public square , or the court chamber .
Princes and factions clashed in the open street and died on the open scaffold .
Behind the tragic hero stands the chorus , the crowd , or the observant courtier .
In La Nouvelle-Heloise and Werther tragedy is made intimate .
And private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama , but of the new , unfolding art of the novel .
The novel was not only the presenter of the new , secular , rationalistic , private world of the middle class .
But one major fact seems undeniable .
Available evidence regarding the natural world , the course of history , and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or mythologies .
Classic mythology and Christianity are such architectures of the imagination .
There had not yet supervened between understanding and expression the new languages of mathematics and scientific formulas .
And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part , radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge .
I refer to the notion that the structure of society is a microcosm of the cosmic design and that history conforms to patterns of justice and chastisement as if it were a morality play set in motion by the gods for our instruction .
These conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of Shakespeare .
After the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar .
They become philosophic abstractions of a private and problematic relevance , or mere catchwords in religious customs which had in them a diminishing part of active belief .
After Shakespeare the master spirits of western consciousness are no longer the blind seers , the poets , or Orpheus performing his art in the face of hell .
They are Descartes , Newton , and Voltaire .
The romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change .
They were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable .
Rousseau's primitivism , the anti-Newtonian mythology of Blake , Coleridge's organic metaphysics , Victor Hugo's image of the poets as the Magi , and Shelley's `` unacknowledged legislators '' are related elements in the rear-guard action fought by the romantics against the new scientific rationalism .
But the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works , and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of Ibsen and Chekhov .
The wedding of the Hellenic to the northern genius was one of the dominant motifs in Goethe's thought .
His Italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the Alps of the German emperors of the Middle Ages .
Goethe asks in Wilhelm Meister whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower , and the light of the Mediterranean glows through Torquato Tasso and the Roman Elegies .
Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit , with its grave strength but flagrant streaks of brutality and intolerance , should be tempered with the old sensuous wisdom and humanism of the Hellenic .
On the narrower ground of poetic form , he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will .
The third Act of Faust 2 , is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic , between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama .
It tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty .
Goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends .
When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the election for bailiff , they sent the letter to Mr. William Sawnders , attendant on the worshipful Mr. Thomas Bushell at Marston .
Mr. Bushell was mentioned in 1602 in the will of Joyce Hobday , widow of a Stratford glover .
Thomas the elder married twice , had seventeen children , and died in 1615 .
His son Thomas , aged fifteen when he entered Oxford in 1582 , married as his first wife Margaret , sister of Sir Edward Greville .
Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' .
The knights for Warwickshire in this parliament , which ended its session on February 9 , were Fulke Greville ( the poet ) and William Combe of Warwick , as Fulke Greville and Edward Greville had been in 1593 .
Sturley thought that this matter might be `` the rest of the tithes and the College houses and landes in our towne '' .
He suggested offering half to Sir Edward , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' .
This refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in 1590 , when the town petitioned Burghley for the right to name the vicar and schoolmaster and other privileges but Greville bought the lordship for himself .
Sturley's allusion probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and Wells , for Sir Anthony Ashley described Best as `` a scrivener within Temple Bar , that deals in many matters for my L. Essex '' through Sir Gelly Merrick , especially in `` causes that he would not be known of '' .
In his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet .
Yff yow bargen with Wm. Sha. ( so in the MS ) or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom .
Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' .
His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) .
& 20 more Mr. Peeter Rowswell tooke order with his master to paie for mee '' .
Stratford's petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town , with household goods , to the value of twelve thousand pounds .
The queen agreed on December 17 , a warrant was signed on January 27 , and the Exchequer paid Quiney his expenses on February 27 , 1598/9 .
He listed what he had spent for `` My own diet in London eighteen weeks , in which I was sick a month ; ;
another I bought there to bring me home 7 weeks ; ;
and I was six days going thither and coming homewards ; ;
all which cost me at the least 20 pounds '' .
Since more is known about Quiney than about any other acquaintance of Shakespeare in Stratford , his career may be followed to its sudden end in 1602 .
When Sir Edward Greville enclosed the town commons on the Bancroft , Quiney and others leveled his hedges on January 21 , 1600/1 , and were charged with riot by Sir Edward .
Accompanied by `` Master Greene our solicitor '' ( Thomas Greene of the Middle Temple , Shakespeare's `` cousin '' ) , Quiney tried to consult Sir Edward Coke , attorney general , and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper `` that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles '' ( the Essex rising on February 8 ) .
No one , he wrote , took any corn of Greville's , for his bailiff of husbandry `` swore a greate oathe thatt who soe came to put hys hande into hys sackes for anye corne shuld leave hys hande behynde hym '' .
Quiney was in London again in June , 1601 , and in November , when he rode up , as Shakespeare must often have done , by way of Oxford , High Wycombe , and Uxbridge , and home through Aylesbury and Banbury .
Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit , Greville had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' .
The corporation proposed Chief Justice Anderson for an arbiter , sending him a gift of sack and claret .
His servant Robin Whitney threatened Quiney , who had Whitney bound to `` the good abaringe '' to keep the peace .
Unconsciously , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so .
A nation may go to war on some trifling pretext , when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake .
When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides .
Indeed , he concluded that `` geographical conditions have exercised a great , possibly a preponderating , influence over man's destiny '' .
All areas of history were either favorably or adversely affected by the geographical environment , and no respectable historian could pursue the study of history without a thorough knowledge of geography .
Brooks Adams was consistent in his admonishments to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to possess .
In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence .
A credulousness , a distaste for documentation , an uncritical reliance on contemporary accounts , and a proneness to assume a theory as true before adequate proof was provided were all evidences of his failure to comprehend the use of the scientific method or to evaluate the responsibilities of the historian to his reading public .
Much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy , but what is equally significant is Adams' complete acceptance of the Biblical record as `` good and trustworthy history '' .
If he found data that fitted his general plan , he used it and counted his sources trustworthy .
Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers .
Moreover , he rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen , casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value '' .
What is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams .
Brooks Adams preferred the chronicles of Froissart or the style and theorizing of Edward Gibbon , for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote .
One example of this was his assertion that `` all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force '' .
On matters of race he was similarly inflexible : `` Most of the modern Latin races seem to have inherited the rigidity of the Roman mind '' .
He cites the French Revolution as typifying this rigidity but makes no mention of the Italians , who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances .
He pontificates that `` one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes '' .
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion .
All critics of Adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency .
Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' .
Even D. A. Wasson , who compared The Emancipation Of Massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes , was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author .
In summary , Brooks Adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature .
Moreover , he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history .
However , despite the insight of many of his observations , his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods .
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought .
In the final analysis his contribution to American historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion , economics , and Darwinism , the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history .
Brooks Adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown .
he simply did not believe that a Creator intervened or interfered in human affairs .
There was no evidence , either of a positive or negative type , of the actions of a Divine Being in this world ; ;
and , since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity , his research should eliminate the supernatural .
Certainly , he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine .
To keep themselves entrenched in power , the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle .
This intervention could only be controlled by priests , and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class .
The power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle , and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did Elijah '' .
Adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a vested interest and sought to maintain itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between God and man .
Thus , the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses .
it was also sacred , `` and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws '' .
The dark views about the Puritans found in The Emancipation Of Massachusetts were never altered .
In The Law Of Civilization And Decay Brooks Adams traced this evolution , always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational , the substance remained unchanged .
To Adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination , and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such eras that betrays a peculiar religiosity -- a sentiment he would have probably denied .
Catherwood , an architect in New York , had been forgotten , like Stephens , and Victor reconstructed their lives as one reconstructs , for a museum , a dinosaur from two or three petrified bones .
He had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York , where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic .
Victor had been stirred by my account of him in Makers And Finders , for Stephens was one of the lost writers whom Melville had seen in his childhood and whom I was bent on resurrecting .
Victor had led an adventurous life .
His metier was the American tropics , and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the Amazon river .
In fact , he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador .
Moreover , he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands , among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there , and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies .
He said he was a friend of Heywood Broun who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression , but the generous Broun to whom I wrote did not know his name and I somehow conceived the morbid notion that the man in question was prowling round the house .
Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer .
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup .
To the Weston house came once William Allen Neilson , the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me `` Boy '' when I was sixty .
I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book The Building Of Eternal Rome , and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets , although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and Coleridge .
Of course it was not meant to be .
Some have felt that Washington Irving comes out rather slimly , but let them look at the title of the book '' .
His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to The Book Of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures , while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before .
and once when he came to see us in New York he walked away in a rainstorm , unwilling to hear of a taxi or even an umbrella , although he was at the time ninety years old .
There were several men of ninety or more whom I knew first or last , all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives .
I never met John Dewey , whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of Trotsky ; ;
At Lee Simonson's house , I had dined with Edith Hamilton , the nonogenarian rationalist and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with The Greek Way .
Then there was Mark Howe and there was Henry Dwight Sedgwick , an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of Montaigne and produced in the end a formidable body of work .
I saw Sedgwick often before his death at ninety-five , -- he had remarried at the age of ninety , -- and he asked me , when once I returned from Rome , if I knew the Cavallinis in the church of St. Cecilia in Trastevere .
but he defended the doctrine in The Art Of Happiness , and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues , health , frugality , privacy , culture and friendship ? ?
Of Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good impression , and when he was asked , `` Whom would you send '' ? ?
He replied , `` My first choice would be Mark Howe '' .
This friend of many years came once to visit us in the house at Weston .
As their interpreter and guide , he had broken with Tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world .
`` Did you ever know a man with greater zest for information ? ?
His wife , Katie , `` as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle '' , -- she was then seventy-six , -- had `` a sense of humour that has been denied S.K. , but neither has any aesthetic perceptions .
People and books are enough for them '' .
S.K. was visiting C.C.B. and , not waiting for breakfast , he was off to the University Club , where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for The Manchester Guardian or The Glasgow Herald .
However , at eighty-five , he had still been busy writing articles , reviewing and speaking , and I had never before known an Englishman who had visited and lectured in three quarters of the United States .
Finally , colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from England were not wanted any longer , even speakers like S.K. , so unlike the novelists and poets who had patronized the Americans for many years .
With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines .
Or nearly .
He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken .
Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room A , Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning ? ?
On New Year's Eve , Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp , a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves .
On January 4 , with the boys back at school and college , Mrs. Lewis wrote Harcourt to say that she was `` through , quite through '' .
Physically as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance .
I am really ill at the present moment , and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself '' .
Harcourt replied : `` I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time .
Of course I hope Hal can also , but those hopes are much more faint '' .
Charles Breasted remembers that , before unpacking his bag , he telephoned his bootlegger with a generous order , and almost at once `` the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two P.M. and three A.M. '' .
They were strays of every kind -- university students and journalists , Village hangers-on and barflies , taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets , as well as friends like Elinor Wylie and William Rose Benet , the Van Dorens and Nathan , Rebecca West and Hugh Walpole and Osbert Sitwell , Laurence Stallings , Lewis Browne , William Seabrook , Arthur Hopkins , the Woodwards .
When he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon , Breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find , but there almost always was one .
He did not neglect his wife in Cromwell Hall , but telephoned her and wrote her with assurances of his continuing interest and of his wish to `` stand behind '' her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them .
When Breasted insisted that this was impossible for him , Lewis decided to go abroad .
He telephoned L. M. Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests , but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when Elmer Gantry was published .
On the evening that they were to sail , Lewis himself gave a party , but he was too indisposed to appear at it .
As they stood at the first-class rail , waving down to his wife and Casanova below , Lewis said , `` Earl , there is Gracie's future husband '' .
And when questioned by ship's reporters about the separation , she said , `` I adore him , and he adores me '' .
But that sermon , like those of hundreds of other ministers , was yet to be delivered .
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. Lewis and make him write a book .
Lewis's remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce American reporters to invade the offices of Harcourt , Brace & Company for information , to pursue Mrs. Lewis to Cromwell Hall , and , after she had returned to New York , to ferret her out at the Stanhope on upper Fifth Avenue where she had taken an apartment .
There , to the Evening Post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly American .
Lewis himself furthered these tales .
He is said to have reported that once , when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation , and the friend protested that it had been `` nothing '' , she replied , `` Well , it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through '' .
With these and similar tales he was entertaining his English friends , all of whom he was seeing when he was not showing Blackman the sights of London and its environs .
At once upon his arrival , he telephoned Lady Sybil Colefax who invited them to tea , and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends .
He invited Lady Sybil , Lord Thomson , Bechhofer Roberts , and a half dozen others .
Lewis , at the head of the table , would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that , when not highly offensive , were at least highly inappropriate , and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed .
Lewis warned him never to lay a hand on him , and then Blackman asked for his fare back to the United States .
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' .
Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy , and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner , or , on one of their walking trips , beer , or , in France and Italy , wine in moderation .
It was late , and Blackman was ready to go to sleep , but Lewis was not .
From 1613 on , if the lists exist , they contain between twenty to thirty names .
He became a fellow of Jesus in 1629 , proceeded M.A. from Jesus in 1632 , and was proctor in 1639-40 .
He was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633 .
The fourth name was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College , followed by ( Richard ) Manningham of Peterhouse , who matriculated 16 October 1624 .
Venn gave his B.A. as 1624 , a mistake for 1629 .
( John ) Boutflower of Christ's was twelfth in the list , coming from Perse School under Mr. Lovering as pensioner 20 April 1625 under Mr. Alsop .
The fifteenth name was ( Thomas ) Baldwin , admitted to Christ's 4 March 1625 under Alsop .
The process usually began with a tutor boasting about a boy , as Chappell had boasted about Lightfoot , to the higher officers of the college and university .
It would , however , reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors , and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting .
Of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished .
Milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor , proctor , master , or other mighty hand .
Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of Milton's undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us .
He had also sampled various special fields of learning , being unable to miss some study of divinity , Justinian ( law ) , and Galen ( medicine ) .
Above all , he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artistry .
He had learned to dispute devastatingly , both formally and informally in Latin , and according to the rules on any topic , pro or con , drawn from almost any subject , more especially from Aristotle's works .
He could produce carefully constructed orations , set and formal speeches , artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide , and then delivered verbatim from memory .
He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute , the verses , of course , to be delivered from memory .
Then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another , in Naturam non Pati Senium , and perhaps also the De Idea Platonica .
These were his public academic activities , domi forisque , in the college and in the university .
And his performances attracted much attention , as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies .
Milton himself , uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities , at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker , under any and all conditions .
His early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding countryside .
The town itself and the `` reedy Cam '' he often visited , as did all in the university .
The Gog Magog Hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling .
The country about Cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery , though it offers easy going to the foot traveler .
What manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College ? ?
He was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance , medium stature , and handsome face .
A quibusdam , , audivi nuper Domina .
That is , if we can trust that most specious of prolusions , packed as it is with wit and persiflage .
The Domina sounds real enough , if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use ; ;
In short , the traditional epithet for Milton of ' Lady of Christ's ' , while eminently fitting , rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing Milton left us .
the prolusion in which the autobiographic statement about the epithet occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true -- or discarded as false .
The entire exercise , Latin and English , is most suggestive of the kind of person Milton had become at Christ's during his undergraduate career ; ;
the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with Buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .
From an exercise involving merely raucous , rough-and-tumble comedy , in his hands the performance turned into a revel of wit and word play , indecent at times , but always learned , pointed , and carefully aimed at some individuals present , and at the whole assembly .
To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously reveled .
It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform , if again we may trust the opening of the oratio , for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary .
All western Europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century .
Perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading , discussion with a few -- if we can trust his writings to Diodati and the younger Gill , very few -- congenial companions .
Lines 23-36 of Lycidas later point to a friendship with Edward King , who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626 .
But that scarcely means that he was the aloof , forbidding type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows , the banter of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this .
Apparently he was not a participant in the college or university theatricals , which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances ( see Apology , 3:300 ) ; ;
Perhaps , in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men , he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises .
In Arthur Clarke's Childhood's End ( 1953 ) , though written after the present flood of dystopias began , we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined .
Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland , the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have ceased to exist .
Mankind , as a result , attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the Overlords , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities .
Because of the means of publication -- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks -- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known , though one fact is evident : the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations .
Among the dystopias , for example , Isaac Asimov's The Caves Of Steel ( 1954 ) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the super-city of the future ; ;
James Blish's A Case Of Conscience ( 1958 ) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters ; ;
The novels and stories like Pohl's Drunkard's Walk ( 1960 ) , with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy , overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected , university-trained elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias .
There is , of course , nothing new about dystopias , for they belong to a literary tradition which , including also the closely related satiric utopias , stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and Swift's Gulliver's Travels to the twentieth century and Zamiatin's We , Capek's War With The Newts , Huxley's Brave New World , E. M. Forster's `` The Machine Stops '' , C. S. Lewis's That Hideous Strength , and Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four , and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as Wells's trilogy , The Time Machine , `` A Story Of The Days To Come '' , and When The Sleeper Wakes , and as recently as Jack Williamson's `` With Folded Hands '' ( 1947 ) , the classic story of men replaced by their own robots .
What makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life .
Not all recent science fiction , however , is dystopian , for the optimistic strain is still very much alive in Mission Of Gravity and Childhood's End , as we have seen , as well as in many other recent popular novels and stories like Fred Hoyle's The Black Cloud ( 1957 ) ; ;
and among works of dystopian science fiction , not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature -- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction .
In addition , there are many areas of the human situation besides the impact of science and technology which are examined , for science-fiction dystopias often extrapolate political , social , economic tendencies only indirectly related to science and technology .
How effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in Pohl and Kornbluth's The Space Merchants , Vonnegut's Player Piano and Wyndham's Re-Birth .
Easily the best known of these three novels is The Space Merchants , a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put .
While The Space Merchants indicates , as Kingsley Amis has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and satirizes `` existing habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper .
Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting `` a science of man and his motives '' .
If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people .
Thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or conditioners , and the controlled .
And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered .
Now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what motivates the manipulators , that is , what are their values ? ?
-- since , as Courtenay says , `` Nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he's motivated by the highest ideals '' .
But the only ideal he can think of is `` Sales '' ! !
We often say of a person that he `` looks young for his age '' or `` old for his age '' .
And this means , I suppose , that almost invariably age reveals itself by easily recognizable signs engraved on both the body and the mind .
`` Looking young for your age '' means `` for your age '' and it means no more .
Its surface loses its bloom and submits to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does .
Youth may be , and often is , skeptical , cynical or despairing ; ;
`` Boy , you ain't fooling nobody but yourself '' .
No good can come of contemplating the sad , inevitable fact that once youth has passed `` a worse and worse time still succeeds the former '' .
One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old .
Serenity , if one is fortunate enough to achieve it , is not so good as joy , but it is something .
Even to be `` from hope and fear set free '' is at least better than to have lost the first without having got rid of the second .
The other reason ( and the one with which I am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion , or change of opinion , whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences .
One may be exasperatingly aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age .
But at least the question has been raised .
Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately , even if they have never actually been told , what my age is .
I have known some men and women who said that the selves they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now ; ;
so that , although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of , I can still resist prevailing opinions .
At about the age of twelve I became a Spencerian liberal , and I have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since Spencer became a reactionary .
Yet during the years when I was on the staff of The Nation , I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question .
Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums `` an interesting experiment '' .
Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past .
But he , as I can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` I have seen the future and it works '' .
With this excuse I have never been much impressed .
`` Well '' , I replied , `` some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary '' .
After a moment's thought he replied , `` That still leaves you a lot of latitude '' .
And I suppose it did .
The reason is , I think , my awareness that my remarks last quarter on pacifism may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere , and that I am simply too old to hope .
I would , however , like to suggest that , wrong though I may be , the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember , and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon .
But one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive .
`` How on earth do you manage it ? ?
`` Why '' , he replied , `` it is perfectly simple ; ;
Not really , it seems to me .
namely , the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances .
It is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest contention .
Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist , so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or , if I could avoid it , even a member of a hanging jury .
Punishment of the wrongdoer , so liberals are inclined to say , can have only three possible justifications : revenge , reformation or deterrent example .
Andre Malraux's The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg was written in the early years of the second World War , during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France .
If we are to believe the list of titles printed in Malraux's latest book , La Metamorphose Des Dieux , Vol. 1 ( ( 1957 ) , he is still engaged in writing a large novel under his original title .
Even in its present form , however , the first part of Malraux's unrecoverable novel is among the greatest works of mid-twentieth century literature ; ;
and it should be far better known than it is .
Malraux , to be sure , does not abandon the world of violence , combat and sudden death which has become his hallmark as a creative artist , and which is the only world , apparently , in which his imagination can flame into life .
But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition .
On the contrary , the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio .
2 ,
This central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War .
`` As a writer , by what have I been obsessed these last ten years , if not by mankind ? ?
What does the narrator see and what does he feel ? ?
A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families -- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind .
they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts .
And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a `` Roman-camp stockade '' , the hastily erected lean-to is a `` Babylonian hovel '' , the men begin to look like `` Peruvian mummies '' and to acquire `` Gothic faces '' ) , Malraux projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time .
`` I thought I knew more than my education had taught me , '' notes the narrator , `` because I had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith '' .
But now he knows `` that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary , he is any man whose reasoning , however elementary it may be , affects and directs his life '' .
From this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into action by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered .
The men around him , observes the narrator , `` have been living from day to day for thousands of years '' .
The human is deeper than a mass ideology , certainly deeper than the isolated individual ; ;
The entire middle section of The Walnut Trees is taken up with the life of Vincent Berger himself , whose fragmentary notes on his `` encounters with mankind '' are now conveyed by his son .
A professor at the University of Constantinople , where his first course of lectures was on Nietzsche and the `` philosophy of action '' , Vincent Berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the German Embassy in Turkey .
and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive , Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident .
Despite Berger's report , Enver Pasha refuses to surrender his dream of a Turkish Blood Alliance ; ;
But as he discovers shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson .
`` This '' , he said , `` is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world .
While I fully agree with Sir Anthony's contention , I think that we must carry the analysis farther , bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our need , the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our capacity .
The excesses of nationalism had brought down upon Europe a generation of tyranny and war , and a return to the old order of things seemed unthinkable .
Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .
It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate , that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world .
The movement toward European unity has been expressed in two currents : federalism and functionalism , one looking to the constitution of a United States of Europe , the other building on wartime precedents of practical cooperation for the solution of specific problems .
Thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines .
In 1946 Sir Winston Churchill , who had spoken often of European union during the war , advocated the formation of `` a kind of United States of Europe '' .
In 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coordinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Cooperation to supervise and coordinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan .
For a time it appeared that a common European army might be created , but the project for a European Defense Community was rejected by the French National Assembly in 1954 .
In 1957 the social-economic approach to European integration was capped by the formation among `` the Six '' of a tariff-free European Common Market , and Euratom for cooperation in the development of atomic energy .
The `` overseas '' democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community .
Britain until recently went along in some areas with all of the enthusiasm of the groom at a shotgun wedding .
In other areas it held back , pleading its Commonwealth bonds .
If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance .
What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being .
`` NATO cannot live on fear alone .
It cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being '' .
This machinery will not become the instrument of an Atlantic community by fiat , but only when that community evolves from potentiality to reality .
There is nothing new in this ; ;
6 ,
And if we do not aspire to too much , it is also within our capacity .
It follows that the solution to the current disunity of the free nations is only to a very limited extent a matter of devising new machinery of consultation and coordination .
It is very much a matter of building the foundations of community .
In a recent book called `` World Peace Through World Law '' , two distinguished lawyers , Grenville Clark and Louis Sohn , call for just such an overhaul of the U.N. , basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear holocaust .
Such proposals look to an apocalyptic act , a kind of Lockian `` social contract '' on a world-wide scale .
The failures of the U.N. and of other international organs suggest that we have already gone beyond what was internationally feasible .
It is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system , but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world .
New machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of Western leaders proposed by Sir Anthony Eden would serve a useful purpose .
Generally , however , there is an abundance of available machinery of coordination -- in NATO , in O.E.C.D. , in the U.N. and elsewhere .
The trouble with this machinery is that it is not used and the reason that it is not used is the absence of a conscious sense of community among the free nations .
Our proper objective , then , is the development of a new spirit , the realization of a potential community .
That is the lesson of the nineteenth century .
The recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the `` San Francisco Renaissance '' have been as popular as they are notorious .
`` It might well start a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee-wee golf '' , wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the Evergreen Review , and he may have been right .
Under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out .
( Judy Tristano now has poems as well as ballads written for her .
)
Rexroth and Patchen are far apart musically and poetically in their experiments .
Although Patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz , the musical group that he works with , the Chamber Jazz Sextet , is often ignored by jazz critics .
Patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles , and Patchen himself has remained outside the San Francisco poetry group , maintaining a self-imposed isolation , even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear .
His first book , Before The Brave ( 1936 ) , is a collection of poems that are almost all Communistic , but after publication of this book he rejected Communism , and advocated a pacifistic anarchy , though retaining his revolutionary idiom .
Running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the capacity for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty .
Patchen envisions a Dark Kingdom which `` stands above the waters as a sentinel warning man of danger from his own kind '' .
they form two aspects of heavenly life after death .
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms ; ;
he has experimented instead with personal myth-making .
Much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a `` pseudo-anthropological '' myth reference , which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in grandiloquent and travelogue-like language .
These early experiments were evidently not altogether satisfying to Patchen .
Beginning in Cloth Of The Tempest ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art , using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story , as in Sleepers Awake , and constructing elaborate `` poems-in-drawing-and-type '' in which it is impossible to distinguish between the `` art '' and the poetry .
so during the period approximately from 1941 to 1946 , Patchen often used private detective stories as a myth reference , and the `` private eye '' as a myth hero .
Speaking in terms of sociological stereotype , the `` private eye '' might appeal to the poet in search of a myth for many reasons .
he has become Friday on Dragnet , a mouthpiece of arbitrary police authority .
It was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician .
The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of Dizzy Gillespie to the `` cool '' sound of Miles Davis and Lennie Tristano , Lee Konitz , and the whole legend of Charlie Parker , had made an impression on many academic and literary men .
In this respect , his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to Kenneth Rexroth's .
Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition , but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz `` feeling '' in the text of his poems , relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling .
Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music , but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz .
It is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician .
Seen by the public , the musician is the underdog par excellence .
The musician is non-intellectual and non-verbal ; ;
He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work , and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry .
The following passage from `` The Hangman's Great Hands '' illustrates the directness of this anger .
This angry and exasperated stance which Patchen has maintained in his poetry for almost fifteen years has been successfully modulated into a kind of woe that is as effective as anger and still expresses his disapproval of the modern world .
In his recent book , Hurray For Anything ( 1957 ) , one of the most important short poems -- and it is the title poem for one of the long jazz arrangements -- is written for recital with jazz .
Although it does not follow the metrical rules for a blues to be sung , the phrases themselves carry a blues feeling .
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! !
Yes , I went to the city , And there I did bitterly cry , Men out of touch with the earth , And with never a glance at the sky .
'' Patchen is still the rebel , but he writes in a doleful , mournful tone .
He spent one year at the University of North Carolina because Thomas Wolfe went there .
He returned to New York to work for The New Yorker , to edit a Western pulp , to `` duck the war in the OWI '' , to write publicity for Paramount Pictures and commentary for a newsreel , then he began his career as critic for various magazines .
Men of Krim's age , aspirations , and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the war .
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ;
they read widely and eclectically ; ;
They did not worry about `` experience '' , because experience thrust itself upon them .
And they traveled out of New York .
In his fulminating against the literary world , Krim is really struggling with the New Yorker in himself , but it's a losing battle .
Closely related to his illusions about his typicality is Krim's complicated feeling about his Jewishness .
we were also literary ; ;
the combination of the Jewish intellectual tradition and the sensibility needed to be a writer created in my circle the most potent and incredible intellectual-literary ambition I have ever seen or could ever have imagined .
their reading and thinking gave an extension to their normal blushes about appearing ' Jewish ' in subway , bus , racetrack , movie house , any of the public places that used to make the Jew of my generation self-conscious ( heavy thinkers walking across Seventh Avenue without their glasses on , willing to dare the trucks as long as they didn't look like the ikey-kikey caricature of the Yiddish intellectual ) .
'' At other points in his narrative , Krim associates Jewishness with unappeasable literary ambition , with abstraction , with his personal turning aside from the good , the true , and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of James T. Farrell to the international , the false , and the inflated .
The only possible answer to that is , I am a suffering Franco-Irishman .
We all love to suffer , but some of us love to suffer more than others .
This is not to deny the existence of pogroms and ghettos , but only to assert that these horrors have had an effect on the nerves of people who did not experience them , that among the various side effects is the local hysteria of Jewish writers and intellectuals who cry out from confusion , which they call oppression and pain .
In their stupidity and arrogance they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of pogroms and ghettos .
`` I had natural sock '' , he says , ' as a storyteller and was precociously good at description , dialogue , and most of the other staples of the fiction-writer's trade but I was bugged by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just diddling the surface of sustained fiction-writing '' .
He moved in a `` highly intellectual '' group in Greenwich Village in the late forties , becoming `` internationalized '' overnight .
Qui s'excuse s'accuse , as the French Jewish intellectuals used to say .
Through all this raving , Krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite , the attack on intelligence , upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he castigates to liberate American writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn .
Sociological jargon , Germano-Slavic approximations to English , third-rate but modish fiction , and outrages to common sense have often disfigured Partisan , and in lesser degree , the other magazines on the list .
The most obvious characteristic of contemporary American writing , apart from the beat nonsense , is its cosmopolitanism .
Without the good magazines , without their book reviews , their hospitality to European writers , without above all their awareness of literary standards , we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes -- Wolfes , Farrells , Dreisers , and I might add , Sandburgs and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse -- and then where would we be ? ?
Screwed , stewed , and tattooed , as Krim might say after reading a book about sailors .
But it did print good verse and good fiction .
If , the editors sometimes , dozed and printed pretentious , New , York-mind , dross , they , also printed , Malraux , , Silone , , Chiaromonte , , Gide , Bellow , , Robert Lowell , Francis Fergusson , Mary McCarthy , Delmore Schwartz , Mailer , Elizabeth Hardwick , Eleanor Clark , , and a host of , other good writers .
Partisan Review and the other literary magazines helped to educate , in the best sense , an entire generation .
And it is also a fact of life that there will always ( be youngish half-educated people around , who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement .
the result was his inevitable bedazzlement through , ignorance .
He wasn't being , `` educated in '' those Village bull-sessions , as he claims .
Only '' a New York hick would expect to find the literary life in Greenwich Village , at any point , later than Walt Whitman's day .
The highly intellectual minds that Krim says he encountered , in the Village did their work in spite of , , not because of , any Village atmosphere .
the '' , rest will turn beat , or into dentists , or into beat , dentists .
The most appalling aspect of Krim's piece is his reflection of the beat aesthetic .
My `` touchstones , had , been strictly '' literature and , humanly enough , American literature ( because that was what I wanted to write ) .
Something was happening all right , slowly it is true , but you could feel it .
Little things .
At least they hadn't stepped up and asked to see papers in the hated , flat , dialect mispronunciation of Mussolini's home district -- Dogumenti , per favore .
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days .
There were other Italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station basements , resisting .
Berto's The Sky Is Red had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war .
Now he was married to a beautiful girl , had a small son , and lived in an expensive apartment and worked for the movies .
He was interested in Robert Musil's The Man Without Qualities .
He was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waiting for .
Berto seemed worried , too .
He knew all about the appeal of a black shirt and jackboots to a poor , southern , peasant boy .
Rimanelli is tough and square-built and adventurous , says what he thinks .
He had put it down in a war novel , The Day Of The Lion .
These people were not talking much about it , but you , a foreigner , sensed their apprehension and disappointment .
So there we were talking around and about it .
The English lady said she had to go to Vienna for a while .
It was a pity because she had planned to lay a wreath at the foot of the Garibaldi statue , towering over Rome in spectacular benediction from the highpoint of the Gianicolo .
When they lost it , the French artillery moved in , and that was the end for Garibaldi that time , on 30 April 1849 .
Once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane .
Our companion was a huge , plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944 .
`` Oh , it would be butchery all right '' , the European said .
`` We would see it that way , but it was glorious then .
They made it , killed every last one of the Krauts , took the village on schedule .
When it was over , eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded .
`` I am not familiar with the expression '' .
Like everything else in Rome , ruins and monuments alike , that house is lived in .
( It is sort of as if our government should decide to disown Washington or Lincoln for the same reason .
There was a new Pope and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days .
Nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate Garibaldi's bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome .
And then there were other things .
She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis .
He was a well-to-do , handsome , and sensitive young poet .
He was never heard of again .
He is thought either to have been killed by the Fascists as soon as he landed or to have killed himself by flying out to sea and crashing his plane .
He really didn't know how to fly .
He had crashed on takeoff once before .
It is remembered and has been commemorated by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was renamed Piazzo Lauro Di Bosis after the war .
She was from Prague .
She had been picked up by the Russians , questioned in connection with some pamphlets , sentenced to life imprisonment for espionage .
No airplanes , no Nathan Hale statements .
Just no spot , not even a dimesize spot , on her whole body that wasn't bruised , bruise on top of bruise , from beatings .
I understand very well about Lauro Di Bosis and how his action is symbolic .
The English lady wanted to pay tribute to Garibaldi and to Lauro Di Bosis , but she wasn't going to be here to do it .
My spoon stirring coffee , banging against the side of the cup , sounded as loud as a bell .
Why not ? ?
And to top it all I am often sentimental on purpose , trying to prove to myself that I am not afraid of sentiment .
So much for all that .
She gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me .
Maybe twenty , thirty , fifty .
The Office of Business Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S. Department of Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .
It develops and analyzes the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business indicators .
For further information contact Director , Office of Business Economics , U.S. Department of Commerce , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Printed material
Small business management
Practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of SBA publications .
They are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises , cover a wide range of subjects , and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm .
Through the SBA's Management Counseling Program , practical , personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community .
These short , `` streamlined '' meetings usually are sponsored by local banks , Chambers of Commerce , trade associations , or other civic organizations .
Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development ; ;
new product potential ; ;
processing methods ; ;
new industrial uses for raw , semi-processed and waste , materials ; ;
This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity .
Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed .
Advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space .
The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government .
Each SBA regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business concerns in its area .
When suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property .
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .
These services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for products and services within the registrants' field of operations .
Chicago , Ill. ; ;
Cleveland , Ohio ; ;
New York , N.Y. ; ;
Philadelphia , Pa. ; ;
Branch Offices are located in other large cities .
Printed material
Developing And Selling New Products , 45 cents ; ;
U.S. Government Purchasing , Specifications , And Sales Directory , 60 cents , are available from the Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Loans
SBA makes loans to individual small business firms , providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms .
SBA loans , which may be made to small manufacturers , small business pools , wholesalers , retailers , service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ) , are to finance business construction , conversion , or expansion ; ;
Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided .
Types of loans
SBA business loans are of two types : `` participation '' and `` direct '' .
Participation loans are those made jointly by the SBA and banks or other private lending institutions .
Direct loans are those made by SBA alone .
To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements .
In addition , the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business .
A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment .
The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income .
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .
The maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000 .
Business loans generally are repayable in regular installments -- usually monthly , including interest at the rate of 5-1/2 percent per annum on the unpaid balance -- and have a maximum maturity of 10 years ; ;
Dallas , Tex. ; ;
Denver , Colo. ; ;
Detroit , Mich. ; ;
Philadelphia , Pa. ; ;
San Francisco , Calif. ; ;
and Seattle , Wash. .
The Farm Credit Administration , an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture , supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture .
The system is composed of three credit services , Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations , Federal Intermediate ( short-term ) Credit Banks , and Banks for Cooperatives .
The third credit service , Banks for Cooperatives , exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933 .
Interest rates
Minerals exploration
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations .
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .
The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses .
The applicant pays the rest of the cost , but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost .
Repayment
Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property .
The royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never exceeds 5 percent .
In most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent .
We can help in the planning process
.
Second , we can make assistance for particular projects conditional on the consistency of such projects with the program .
Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources .
surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy , such as transport , agriculture , communication , industry , and power ; ;
designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation ; ;
We must use common sense in applying conditions
The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .
To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth .
In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .
In such a case , however , we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task , supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task , and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made .
Encouraging self-help
A systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help .
External aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the Marshall plan , can be decisive .
Open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals .
On the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them .
2 .
The range of self-help
This includes not only development programing , but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment ; ;
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few .
Yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if dishonesty , corruption , and favoritism are widespread .
Moreover , tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-American sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest .
The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis , tailored to priority needs , to those countries making serious efforts in self-help .
There are other countries where , with skillful diplomacy , we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth .
E .
1 .
.
The most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention , our resources , and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries .
In several significant cases , such as India , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance .
Gradually others will move up to the same level
.
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible .
The whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world .
Dams , river development schemes , transportation networks , educational systems require years to construct .
Thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .
The capital expansion programs of business firms involve multi-year budgeting and the same is true of country development programs .
( B ) the need to plan investment programs .
More importantly , several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence .
( C ) the need to allocate country resources .
3 .
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them .
If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities , they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required .
You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis , the Tojos and Stalins and Khrushchevs , come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known .
Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people .
You remember the words of President Kennedy a week or so ago , when someone asked him when he was in Canada , and Dean Rusk was in Europe , and Vice President Johnson was in Asia , `` Who is running the store '' ? ?
And he said , `` The same fellow who has been running it , Sam Rayburn '' .
Mr. McCormack .
Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts ? ?
There was no objection .
Mr. Addabbo .
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas .
I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States .
In this my first year as a Member of this body I have experienced many memorable moments .
Many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me .
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel .
He will ever be my example as a true statesman ; ;
one who is thoroughly human , who affects no dignity , and who is endowed with real ability , genuine worth , and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long .
May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with Sam Rayburn's continued service here for years to come .
Mr. Hays .
Here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and succinct summation that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country .
For Sam Rayburn never forgot Bonham , his home community , and he never forgot Texas .
There is no such thing as being diligent about national affairs but indifferent about home needs .
The two are as one .
More than that , Sam Rayburn is the very living symbol of an iron-clad integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition .
This means much to the American tradition .
It is an answer in its way , individual and highly dramatic , to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics .
But this we know : Here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor , decency , and self-respect .
I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose .
Remarks of Hon. Melvin Price of Illinois
Of this I am proud .
I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness .
And Sam Rayburn is a great man -- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation .
He will be considered not only great among his contemporaries , but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning .
I pay my personal tribute to Sam Rayburn , stalwart Texan and great American , not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as Henry Clay , but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress .
He had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the House in 1913 , the 63d Congress .
No one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has Sam Rayburn .
No greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this House than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great Speaker , this great legislator , this great Texan , this great American .
My sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today .
Mr. Monagan .
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today , and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas .
I prefer to speak , however , of Sam Rayburn , the person , rather than Sam Rayburn , the American institution .
Above all , he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman .
In this role of father confessor , he has always been most characteristic and most helpful .
The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years .
The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 .
The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle operation .
Vehicle purchase , assignment and use policies .
( 3 )
The factors governing need and assignment of cars are flexible according to circumstances .
Unsuccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles .
It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes .
A survey of practices and/or policies in other states concerning assignment and use of state automobiles reveals several points for comparison with Rhode Island's practices .
Two other states provide vehicles , but only with legislative approval .
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool .
Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .
Of these states the average `` change-over '' point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year .
Mileage allowances .
Fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis .
Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations .
The average of states' rates is $.076 per mile .
Rhode Island's rate of $.07 per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a $.09 per mile average .
Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject .
However , they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures .
Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles .
Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control .
The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 .
At that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties .
Once the principle was established , the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly .
And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth .
Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees .
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself .
Whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is problematical .
It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .
In 1942 , however , the nation was at war .
Gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities .
The state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual .
The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : ``
The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars .
``
This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
for example , if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year , their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years , rather than 44,000 miles ( and related higher maintenance costs ) and 16,000 miles respectively '' .
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses .
They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled , the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year .
Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random .
Good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more .
Purchasing practices .
The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state .
Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers' discount through the dealers .
In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool , cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier .
This is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately cost-accounting principles .
This tax was discontinued in 1936 .
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments .
This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then existing , insufficient for their requirements .
Consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes , as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level .
This is being done both by the revaluation of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property hitherto neglected or ignored .
Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value .
It also provides for the taxation of all personal property , belonging to inhabitants of the state , both tangible and intangible , and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state .
In defining personal property , it specifically mentions `` all ships or vessels , at home or abroad '' .
Intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year .
Although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute , this is cancelled out by the provision that definite kinds of property `` and all other tangible property '' situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated .
This would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on December 31 .
This situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax , and probably justifiably .
The Smithfield tax assessor , in turn , claims the tax under the provision of law `` and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town , in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated '' .
This accounts for the wide variance in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island .
The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property .
The resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island '' .
Practices in Rhode Island .
There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town .
These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time .
In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats , airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles , nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not .
It would seem , then , that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property .
Only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind .
Twenty-seven assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property , and only five were opposed .
It is not clear , however , whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats , trailers , aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns .
Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner .
Of those who have an opinion , it seems that assessment by location is preferred .
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date .
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge .
taxing of boats .
Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting .
No satisfactory solution has been found , but this is due more to the difficulties inherent in the problem than to a lack of interest or diligence on the part of the assessors .
It is known that at least five towns ( Barrington , Bristol , Narragansett , Newport and Westerly ) place some value on some boats for tax purposes .
Fifty-two companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction , totaling 1,418,000 square feet and representing an investment of $11,900,000 ; ;
a new post-World War 2 , record .
Of the major expansions in 1960 , three were financed under the R. I. Industrial Building Authority's 100% guaranteed mortgage plan : Collyer Wire , Leesona Corporation , and American Tube & Controls .
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation , Cornell-Dubilier , Photek , Inc. Division of Textron , Narragansett Gray Iron Foundry , W. R. Cobb Company , and Mays Manufacturing Company .
They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island .
In addition , the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses ; ;
how and where to apply for financial assistance ; ;
information concerning patents , copyrights and trade marks , availability of technical reports , and other subjects of interest to small business .
The Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce is also active in the field of international trade , assisting Rhode Island firms in developing and enlarging markets abroad .
locating foreign agents , buyers , distributors , etc. ; ;
During the year 1960 , this office supplied 954 visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce , and made 73 field visits .
Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availabilities , and location advantages .
We also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Island by industrialists who had recently established new plants here .
To reach a still greater audience of location-minded manufacturers , our industrial advertising budget for the fiscal year was increased from $32,000 to $40,000 , and the Industrial Building Authority's financial participation was upped from $17,000 to $20,000 .
164 from media and 75 from direct mail .
Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries .
Among foreign countries responding were Germany , Canada , Brazil and India .
Industrial promotion
Out of a total of 603 calls , 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel .
We received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial advantages , and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits .
During 1960 , two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division .
In June , the Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce -- in conjunction with local trade associations , chambers of commerce , and bank officials -- sponsored a World Trade Conference at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel .
Its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the United States' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959 .
On October 8th of last year , the Industrial Division sponsored the Governor's Conference on Industrial Development at the former Henry Barnard School .
Morning sessions included addresses by Ward Miller , Jr. of the U. S. Dept. of Commerce .
Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Maine , and rounded out a rewarding program .
In connection with this conference , a 64-page supplement was published in the October 2nd edition of The Providence Sunday Journal .
Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brown University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .
As the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program .
First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state .
( 2 )
It will continue to be an objective of this division to encourage the acceptance of planning as a proper and continuing responsibility of local government .
and on a regional basis between the six New England states .
( 5 )
On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources , plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries , within the framework of the state plan .
In preparing the state guide plan , particular attention will be given means of strengthening the economy of the state through the development of industry and recreation .
The work program , as it was originally proposed , was to take five years to complete .
Recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the Department of Public Works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated .
These forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes , to borrow money , own property , sue and be sued , and in general to exercise normal corporate powers .
In addition to the collection of service charges , the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately $450,000 .
Fiscal years in other states
3 .
In eleven states , the fiscal year of the cities ends on December 31 , while the state fiscal year ends on June 30 ( Arkansas , Colorado , Indiana , Kansas , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Ohio , South Dakota , Utah , Washington , and Wisconsin ) .
4 .
( Georgia , Iowa , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Virginia , and South Carolina ) .
6 .
Mississippi closes its fiscal year on June 30 , while all of its cities close their fiscal years on September 30 .
All of its cities close their fiscal years on December 31 .
The remaining twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state , city and local governments .
However , only Illinois , Oregon , Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity .
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages
advantages .
He listed among the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 .
2 .
The uniform fiscal year ensures conformance with another common sense rule , that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn .
3 .
By fixing the tax rate in advance of spending , upper limits are set on expenditures .
4 .
The uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools , which expend the largest share of local disbursements .
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting .
The uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes .
Furthermore , tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term treasury notes , augmenting the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax levy .
The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures .
Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare .
Of all advantages , probably none is more important than the elimination of tax anticipation notes .
Borrowing in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times .
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary .
It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax , the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap ; ;
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true .
Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island , there are also certain difficulties encountered .
One problem is a matter of shifting dates ; ;
This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars .
It usually means a confused and disgruntled tax-paying public for a period of time .
The other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns .
This will be covered more fully later .
Adjusting the fiscal calendars
Two features are immediately evident .
the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary .
Plans vary from the `` talking stage '' to establishing special committees to accomplish this end .
The adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal tax collection year calendar throughout Rhode Island , based on a July 1 to June 30 year , are shown below .
Adjustment of fiscal year .
Six cities and towns are now on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity .
These cities and towns include Bristol , Glocester , Pawtucket , Cumberland , Central Falls , and Woonsocket .
Simultaneous adjustments .
In that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30 , they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months , commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30 .
These three installment dates would be : October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 ( Providence ) and November 15 , February 16 and May 15 ( Cranston ) .
Both would start their new fiscal year on July 1 .
Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ;
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( Cranston ) .
Methods of financing adjustments
In many communities there is simply no financial problem ; ;
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods , careful fiscal planning and management , or some like combination of techniques .
Fortunately , such cases in Rhode Island are more the exception than the rule .
As shown earlier in Table 1 , the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars .
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .
Suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds .
For those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem .
Rhode Island Heritage Week proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , governor
The theme of Rhode Island Heritage Week for 1961 will be `` Independence and Union '' .
It commemorates the 185th anniversary of Rhode Island's Independence when , upon May 4 , 1776 , the General Assembly , by its action , established the first free republic in the New World .
As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War , this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State , but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington , putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
Governor
Armed Forces Day Proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
National defense , like the continuing search for peace with freedom and justice for all , is `` everybody's business '' .
Our investment in this effort , the greatest in our Nation's history , reflects our determination to ensure the peace and the future of freedom .
now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Saturday , May 20th , 1961 , as Armed Forces Day , reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation , respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty .
National Maritime Day proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as National Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
Governor
This is an official preliminary contest of the Miss America Pageant held each September in Atlantic City .
She hopes that all will support the contestants from our own community by attending our Pageants and the State Pageant June 17 ; ;
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss Rhode Island Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all Rhode Island girls to participate .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 11th day of June , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
Governor
For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people , the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations .
It is extremely important for each American to realize that the theme `` The United Nations Is Your Business '' applies to him personally .
The world desperately needs the United Nations .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
Governor
The ballet originated in Italy about 1450 .
At that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer .
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , Catherine De Medicis , married the King of France .
The most famous ballet of that time was called Ballet Comique De La Reine ( 1581 ) .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
As another Thanksgiving draws near , let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving .
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith .
The Lord has shown time and time again His love for us .
We have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and frugality of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country .
And yet , accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time .
It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ;
And so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims , but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past .
As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States .
Sec. 2 .
In order to accomplish the purposes of this Act , the Secretary of the Interior shall -- ( A )
( D )
study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water ; ;
undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods .
acquire the services of chemists , physicists , engineers , and other personnel by contract or otherwise ; ;
utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories ; ;
( E )
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ;
( H )
foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; ;
and ( K )
Sec. 4 .
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation .
( B )
Sec. 5 .
The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act .
Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water .
Sec. 6 .
The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year .
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;
( B ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; ;
Sec. 2 .
42 U. S. C. 1958 ( ) ) , is hereby amended to read :
Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under Section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale .
the causes of injuries and health hazards in Metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ;
( 2 )
the relative effectiveness of voluntary versus mandatory reporting of accident statistics ; ;
right-of-entry only and ( B )
the effectiveness of health and safety education and training ; ;
( 5 )
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ;
and ( 6 )
( A )
the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof .
Sec. 3 .
Sec. 2 .
( A )
Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act .
Payments shall be made only with respect to the metal content as determined by assay .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis , Illinois , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
( D )
The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000 ; ;
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 .
In the same period , 431 presentations by members of the staff were made to local , national , and international medical groups .
A .
During fiscal year 1959 , six courses were conducted : Forensic Pathology , Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Ophthalmic Pathology , Pathology of the Oral Regions , and a Cardiovasculatory Pathology Seminar .
Research :
Among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged , are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of microwaves ; ;
study of motor end plates in man and animals ; ;
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ;
neuropathology of nuclear and cosmic radiation ; ;
evaluation of histochemical techniques ; ;
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue .
Other scientific agencies , both Federal and civilian , supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry ; ;
morphological study and classification of leukemia and lymphoma cases in animals ; ;
The Medical Illustration Service is responsible for the collection , publication , exhibition , and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces .
It also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits , training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets .
Visual and operable training aids developed by the Medical Illustration Service , were used in support of Army Medical Service mass casualty exercises .
Demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the Medical Service Instructor's Conference , Brooke Army Medical Center , Texas .
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : First Aid For Soldiers ; ;
Bandaging And Splinting ; ;
Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed , and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service .
Illustrations were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one Graphic Training Aid .
Sixteen lantern slide sets were loaned to the Government of India and eight sets were forwarded to the U.S. Embassy , Managua , Nicaragua for the Educational Exchange Program .
These were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes .
There were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period .
Forty-five new Clinico-pathologic Conferences were prepared , bringing the total to 61 available for loan distribution .
During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan .
Of the 885 specimens newly mounted or refurbished , 254 were prepared for other agencies .
Specimens were mounted for military installations , governmental agencies , and medical schools .
Three hundred five copies of the Manual Of Macropathological Techniques were distributed .
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training .
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , the Medical Museum was required to move to Temporary Building `` S '' on the Mall from Chase Hall .
The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency , established in 1949 , has published , since January 1950 , The United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services .
In addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated Air Force medical bulletin .
From 1 July 1958 to 30 June 1960 , 24 numbers of the Journal and nine of the Bulletin were published .
Each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest , and departments devoted to military medical news , reviews of new books , and other features of interest to officers of the medical services .
The Armed Forces Epidemiological Board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions , so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the Armed Forces .
The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent .
A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion .
The shutter consists of two parts : a fast-opening part and a fast-closing part .
The fast-opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately Af ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera .
The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil .
in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as Af molecules per Af may be sufficient , as compared to the Af hydrogen atom's Af required for detection of the 21-cm line .
The first diatomic hydride investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the OH radical .
Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; ;
the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 Af , with an uncertainty of 0.10 Af .
Preparations are being made for similar experiments on CH and SH radicals .
Acoustical interferometer .
An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 Af .
This result is preliminary , and work is continuing .
Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 Af at every 0.1 Af .
Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15- and 25-liter metallic storage dewars .
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 Af but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point .
A hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium .
However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface .
It has also been observed , in helium 2 , that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer .
In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow .
Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer .
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested .
The transducer is a null-type instrument and employs a stretched diaphragm , 0.001 in. thick and 1 in. in diameter .
A small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulated plate spaced 0.001 in. apart ( for Af ) .
A 6-year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed .
The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1,000 to 10,000 Af and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from Af to Af times normal density .
International cooperative activities .
As a first step toward this goal , arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national laboratory .
Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the Aj .
The Symposium , which was jointly sponsored by the American Institute of Physics , the Instrument Society of America , and the National Bureau of Standards , attracted nearly one thousand registrants , including many from abroad .
Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5-day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories .
Atomic physics
In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , spectroscopy , solid state physics , interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics .
The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation .
Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections .
Laboratory astrophysics .
Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities .
Selected bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation .
A wall-stabilized high-current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen .
A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about Af percent .
Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities .
Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements .
New computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success .
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .
( F )
In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
Any agreement to the contrary shall be unlawful and void .
( G )
( H )
The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim .
Sec. 5 .
The Commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title .
The Commission shall complete its affairs in connection with settlement of United States-Yugoslav claims arising under the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 not later than December 31 , 1954 : :
Sec. 7 .
( B )
There shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection ( C ) of Section 8 , as reimbursement for the expenses incurred by the United States , an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment .
Payments made pursuant to this Title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made , except that -- ( 1 )
in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ;
( 3 )
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; ;
( 4 )
and ( 5 )
Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury , or the Comptroller General of the United States , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment .
Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title .
( F )
( A )
All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title .
( B )
( 2 )
( C )
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in Section 7 ( B ) of this Title -- ( 1 )
( 2 )
to make additional payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 ; ;
( 4 )
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in ratable proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ;
after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest .
( D )
The Secretary of the Treasury , upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State , is authorized and directed , out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( C ) of this Section , to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under Article 1 ( C ) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 .
Such certification shall be final and conclusive and shall not be subject to review by any other official or department , agency , or establishment of the United States .
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated , out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated , such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title .
Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million for 1947 to 1957 .
Nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the New York City area .
Here the New York Central Railroad , one of the Nation's most important carriers , has alone lost 47.6 percent of its passengers since 1949 .
At this time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads , a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad's proposal for control of the Baltimore & Ohio railroads .
The New York Central has pointed out that this control , if approved by the Interstate Commerce Commission , would give the combined C. & O. - B. & O. Railroad a total of 185 points served in common with the New York Central .
Not only is this kind of duplication wasteful , but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the New York Central and other railroads serving the area .
The New York Central notes : ``
These revenues make it possible to provide essential freight and passenger service over the entire New York Central system as well as the New York area commuter and terminal freight services .
If these services are to be maintained , the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible '' .
The New York Central today handles 60 percent of all southbound commuter traffic coming into New York City .
This is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively .
A blow to this phase of the Central's operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself , but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with efficient , reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city .
There is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and harmful C. & O. - B. & O. merger scheme '' --
The Central has pointed out .
The Interstate Commerce Commission will commence its deliberations on the proposed C. & O. - B. & O. merger on June 18 .
Obviously , the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge .
However , there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss .
We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the two-way B. & O. - C. & O. merger , or the three-way New York Central - B. & O. - C. & O. merger .
Mr. Speaker , I rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper , the New York Times , on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command .
I am pleased to note that Mr. Sulzberger will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the New York Times .
Mr. Sulzberger's successor as publisher is Mr. Orvil E. Dryfoos , who is president of the New York Times Co. , and who has been with the Times since 1942 .
I am also pleased to note that Mr. John B. Oakes , a member of the Times staff since 1946 , has been appointed as editorial page editor .
I should like at this time , Mr. Speaker , to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism .
Mr. Stratton .
Mr. Speaker , in my latest newsletter to my constituents I urged the imposition of a naval blockade of Cuba as the only effective method of preventing continued Soviet armaments from coming into the Western Hemisphere in violation of the Monroe Doctrine .
Under leave to extend my remarks , I include the relevant portion of my newsletter , together with the text of the article from the U.S. News & World Report : `` your Congressman , Samuel S. Stratton , reports from Washington , May 1 , 1961
Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base .
In fact , one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which Cuba has been getting this Russian military equipment .
But the Latin American republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against Castro also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board .
efforts , as I see it , which are being directed , by the way , toward support for future actions , not for those already past .
What the next move will be only time , of course , will tell .
How can the United States act ? ?
In it they see a way to isolate Cuba , stop infiltration , maybe finish Castro , too .
Weaken Castro .
Blockade , in the view of military and civilian experts , could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine .
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching Castro .
It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon .
A squadron of Navy jets and another of long-range patrol planes would add support to the carrier task forces .
the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; ;
and it must be enforced without discrimination .
Blockade runners can be stopped -- by gunfire , if necessary -- searched and held , at least temporarily .
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated .
It could , by avoiding direct intervention , provide a short-of-war strategy to meet short-of-war infiltration .
Primary target would be shipments of tanks , guns , aviation gasoline and ammunition coming from Russia and Czechoslovakia .
Shipments of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as contraband .
At times , three ships a day from the Soviet bloc are unloading in Cuban ports .
To assist the States , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( P. L. 565 ) .
Financial aspects .
The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ;
( 2 ) extension and improvement ; ;
and ( 3 ) research , demonstrations , training and traineeships for vocational rehabilitation -- and in addition for short-term training and instruction .
Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure .
description of formula .
It stipulates , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those States still below their maximums .
The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act .
The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; ;
the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia , and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii .
The following steps are employed in calculations : 1 .
For each State ( except Puerto Rico , Guam , the Virgin Islands , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) determine average per capita income based on the last three years .
( See Source of Data , below for per capita income data to be used in this step .
Determine the average per capita income for the U. S. based on the last three years .
( Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the result obtained for each State in item 1 above .
) 5 .
except that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1/3% nor more than 75% .
6 .
Determine each State's population .
) 8 .
) 9 .
Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the States .
Determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the States .
) 11 .
( Multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above .
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment .
) 13 .
14 .
Additional note on allotments .
Funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine .
Matching requirements
explanation of matching formula .
Prior to 1960 , in order to provide matching for the minimum ( base ) allotment , State funds had to equal 1954 State funds .
Prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal capacity of the State , with a pivot of 40% State ( or 60% Federal ) participation in total program costs .
The percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State's `` Federal share '' .
The pre-1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State's base allotment , as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period , is designated by the statute as that State's `` adjusted Federal Share '' .
The purpose of the adjusted Federal share relating to the base allotment and of the transition provisions for reaching the unadjusted Federal share is to prevent dislocations from abrupt changes in matching rates .
The method used for computing the respective Federal and State shares in total program costs is specifically set forth in the Act .
The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; ;
the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii .
For each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) , determine the average per capita income for the last three years .
( the same amount used in item 1 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above .
) 2 .
Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years .
( The same amount used in item 2 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above .
Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States .
By law this is 70% for the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico .
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ;
except that no State shall have a Federal share less than 50% nor more than 70% .
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
Mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4-inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding .
)
Concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards .
The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter .
) Building plans are on page 21 .
If they are used , the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the 8-inch solid concrete blocks .
More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen .
An outdoor , aboveground fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks .
) Most people would have to hire a contractor to build this shelter .
Two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart .
The walls are held together with metal ties placed in the wet mortar as the walls are built .
An alternate roof , perhaps more within do-it-yourself reach , could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams , overlaid with boards and waterproofing .
These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface .
They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 .
Materials for this shelter would cost about $700 .
His charges would be added to the cost of materials .
This shelter , as shown on page 24 , would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation .
An alternate hatchway entrance , shown on page 25 , would reduce the cost of materials $50 to $100 .
Plans for the shelter , with either a stairway or hatchway entrance , are shown on pages 26 and 27 .
It would add about $500 to the total cost of the home .
The shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the Washington , D.C. area in the Spring of 1959 .
2 .
3 .
Radio reception .
4 .
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn .
Radiation scatters somewhat like light .
The rest continues in a straight line .
Ventilation is provided in a concrete block basement shelter by vents in the wall and by the open entrance .
It should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person .
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made .
It probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna , particularly to receive CONELRAD broadcasts .
There should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas .
Other considerations .
-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 .
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens .
Basement walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 .
The basement or belowground shelters also will serve for tornado or hurricane protection .
Living in a shelter
The radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first .
Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion .
But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous .
Therefore , civil defense instructions received over CONELRAD or by other means should be followed .
Radiation instruments suitable for home use are available , and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation .
There is a possibility that battery-powered radios with built-in radiation meters may become available .
You should be prepared to stay in your shelter full time for at least several days and to make it your home for 14 days or longer .
Families with children will have particular problems .
They should provide for simple recreation .
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake .
The survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio .
Family rationing probably will be necessary .
Blowers should be operated periodically on a regular schedule .
There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement .
After the family has settled in the shelter , the housekeeping rules should be spelled out by the adult in charge .
Sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning .
A 10-gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter .
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully .
Even if the electric power fails after an attack , any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable .
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature .
Open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided .
A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation .
On the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside .
A belowground basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level .
5 .
Shelter in apartment buildings
Large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family dwellings .
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling .
The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling .
The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people .
Such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management .
Lines of communications were established between the two companies and several Du Pont products were actively promoted .
The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from Du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions .
Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of General Motors outstripping Du Pont's capacity .
353 U. S. , at 605 .
This Court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either Du Pont or General Motors '' .
353 U. S. , at 606 .
No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .
This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .
The purpose of this provision was thus explained in the Court's opinion : ``
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .
and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns : ``
The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute .
The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition .
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief .
The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this : ``
353 U. S. , at 607-608 .
2 .
This Court's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18 , 1957 .
The first pretrial conference -- held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of Du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings -- took place on September 25 , 1957 .
At the outset , the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for Du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court .
Du Pont , he said , had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the Du Pont - General Motors relationship .
Counsel for Du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date .
The plan called for divestiture by Du Pont of its 63,000,000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years .
Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty & Investment Company , major stockholders in Du Pont , and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a ten-year period , of Du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them , as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright .
On motion of the Amici Curiae , the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the Government's plan .
On May 9 , 1958 , the Commissioner announced his rulings .
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14 , 1958 .
It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and Du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; ;
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity .
The decrees proposed by the amici curiae were filed in August of 1958 .
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12a of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces .
He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim .
Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; ;
petitioner was not denied due process ; ;
Pp. 62-63 .
( B )
Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States .
This is a prosecution for refusal to be inducted into the armed services , in violation of the provisions of the Universal Military Training and Service Act , 62 Stat. 604,622 , 50 , U.S.C. App. Aj 462 ( A ) .
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial .
He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment .
The Court of Appeals affirmed .
269 F. 2d 613 .
361 U. S. 899 .
On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board .
In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home .
Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so .
He was again reclassified 1-a by the local board .
In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service .
Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions .
It reported that he now devoted only some 6-1/2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities .
In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 .
Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so .
Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching .
He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer .
This he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file .
This he did .
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant .
348 U.S. , at 412 .
We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it .
As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact .
Estep v. United States , 327 U.S. 114 '' .
At his trial , petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer , Evensen , as well as his report thereon .
Section 6(j) of the Act , as we have held , does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file .
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection .
It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board .
It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board .
While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process .
He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume .
There we held `` that the statutory scheme for review , within the selective service system , entitles [ conscientious objectors ] to no guarantee that the FBI reports must be produced for their inspection '' .
Foreign policy in its total context
With this enlarged role in mind , I should like to make a few suggestions : What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world .
We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context .
We cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been extracted .
Assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies .
Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy .
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action .
Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer .
Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present .
The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present .
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .
There will of course be times for delay and inaction .
What I am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties .
We want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome , that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top .
I hope no one expects that only Presidential appointees are looked upon as sources of ideas .
The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank .
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them .
This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active , operational , interested , responsible fashion .
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces .
Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine .
He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play , taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions .
He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing nothing .
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence .
Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government ? ?
Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice ? ?
What is the probable attitude of other governments , including those less directly involved ? ?
Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ?
Should the action be unilateral or multilateral ? ?
For , if so , the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem .
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ?
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it .
And , given probable public attitudes -- about which reasonably good estimates can be made -- what action is called for to insure necessary support ? ?
May I add a caution on this particular point ? ?
In the first place our business is foreign policy , and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem .
Mr. Truman emphasized this point by saying , `` You fellows in the Department of State don't know much about domestic politics '' .
This is an important consideration .
We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action .
I doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals .
And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels .
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women .
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service .
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States .
Rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance .
Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts .
For example , it probably will be necessary for the Corps to have authority to pay medical expenses of volunteers .
7 .
For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation .
Meanwhile , the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance .
In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations .
The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer .
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost .
If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall .
9 .
How will the Peace Corps be received abroad ? ?
Unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility .
But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers , and that if the volunteers are well chosen , they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends .
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .
The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership .
The Peace Corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the United States the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained manpower .
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year .
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps , so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel .
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored .
Is it worth the cost and the risks ? ?
It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions .
It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country .
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas , millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before .
The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy -- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting .
To the Congress of the United States :
I have today signed an Executive Order establishing a Peace Corps on a temporary pilot basis .
The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization .
In addition , by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall .
Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program .
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations .
Wildlife habitat resources
In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing .
Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses .
Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values .
Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas .
5 .
They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses .
The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet .
About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease , 20 percent to insects , 17 percent to fire , and 18 percent to weather , animals , and various other causes .
( C ) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic .
The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated .
2 .
The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed .
3 .
Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .
This will include 125 million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection .
2 .
3 .
Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents , such as porcupines and mice , on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands .
Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known .
In the forest highway system , there are now 24,400 miles of public roads .
Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .
In the forest development road and trail system , there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails .
the balanced use of recreation , hunting , and fishing areas ; ;
( C )
the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire , windstorm , insects , and disease ; ;
( E )
the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals .
Furthermore , roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years .
Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails .
About 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads .
This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities .
Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber , but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices .
Land adjustment , land purchase , land use
Within the units in the National Forest System the pattern of land ownership is quite irregular .
In many others , the previous patenting of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for purchase , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership .
And some , which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes , are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation , and are contributing nothing to the economy ; ;
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed .
The change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other .
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers .
These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives .
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 .
I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates .
Operation and maintenance .
Further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the Congress last year .
Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% .
This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Basic long-line communications in Alaska are now provided through Federal facilities operated by the Army , Air Force , and Federal Aviation Agency .
Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska , and its early enactment is desirable .
In 1961 , these expenditures are estimated at $18.9 billion , compared to $19.3 billion in 1960 .
The decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices .
On the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 .
These contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our Armed Forces in the years ahead .
Some weapons systems have become obsolescent while still in production , and some while still under development .
Furthermore , unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system , in itself , often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems .
This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events .
Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated .
For example , the importance of the Regulus 2 , a very promising aerodynamic ship-to-surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines , was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines .
Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108 , a long-range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid-1960's .
The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles .
This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers .
Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program .
The first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers , carrier-based aircraft , and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles .
One of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the B-70 , a long-range supersonic bomber .
This aircraft , which was planned for initial operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier .
By 1965 , several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their reliability established .
It is expected that in 1963 two prototype aircraft will be available for flight testing .
one B-52 can do the work of several B-47's which it will replace .
In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured .
At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1 , disposal , India's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States , India's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .
The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency .
Article 2 , uses of rupees
The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America , in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( A )
( B )
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately .
The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale , transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement , and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India .
In witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present Agreement .
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 .
for the government of India :
I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India ( hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows : 1 .
The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries .
Such loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches , subsidiaries , or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization , distribution , or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products .
In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India , the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider , the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .
( D )
When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application , it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan .
( E )
Unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan .
2 .
Agriculture ; ;
The Government of India further agrees in cooperation with the Government of the United States , to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the Government of the United States of America , so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects .
3 .
It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A , B , and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India .
4 .
With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , the understanding of the Government of the United States of America , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 )
The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement , to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) .
The two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents , correspondence , memoranda and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects .
This broad delegation leaves within our discretion ( subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest ) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive , and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided .
3 .
The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 1600 kc. .
By this standard , it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved , objectionable interference from station A exists at any point within the service area of station B where station A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station B's signal at that point .
4 .
A second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present proceeding -- the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation conditions with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies .
This is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners , resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere .
All AM stations radiate both skywave and groundwave signals , at all hours ; ;
5 .
It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions , and vice versa , is not an instantaneous process , but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset , and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise .
During the period of about 4 hours around sunset , skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail ; ;
during the same period around sunrise , skywave transmission is declining , until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance .
It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset , respectively , should be used for this purpose .
Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations .
With respect to nighttime assignments , the degree of skywave service and interference is determined by skywave curves ( figs. 1 and 2 of sec. 3.190 of the rules ) giving average skywave values .
For this reason , the more uncertain skywave service was denominated `` secondary '' in our rules , as compared to the steadier , more reliable groundwave `` primary service '' , and , for both skywave service and skywave interference , signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service , 10 percent of the time for skywave interference .
6 .
The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation .
To provide some service to all listeners ; ;
( 3 )
Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant Class 1 , -- A or Class 1 , -- B clear-channel stations , designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances , being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective .
The class 1 , stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv./m. groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference .
With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference , only class 1 , stations are capable of rendering skywave service .
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .
8 .
During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
Therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- A ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- A station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .
Additional class 2 , assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities .
Similarly , on the regional channels many class 3 , stations have been assigned either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional antennas and/or lower power .
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .
In 1947 , affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference .
See You May Claim A Refund , Page 135 .
If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday .
Since April 15 , 1962 , is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday , April 16 , 1962 .
If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961 , it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15 , 1962 , if you file your income tax return Form 1040 , and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31 , 1962 .
Farmers , for these purposes , have until February 15 , 1962 , to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 .
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States .
Nonresident aliens in Puerto Rico .
If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico , your return is also due June 15 , 1962 , or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year .
His return for the period January 1 to June 20 , 1961 , is due April 16 , 1962 .
In such a case , Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return .
Returns of estates or trusts are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year .
Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .
Extensions while abroad .
Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension .
Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date .
Such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted .
If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven .
If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax , you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due .
Whether the check is certified or uncertified , the tax is not paid until the check is paid .
All checks and money orders should be made payable to Internal Revenue Service .
If you file a Form 1040 , you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want refunded and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax .
Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business .
If your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States ( including Alaska and Hawaii ) , Puerto Rico , or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district in the United States , you should file your return with the Office of International Operations , Internal Revenue Service , Washington 25 , D.C. .
.
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis .
Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income .
Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income .
To compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income .
Rents or royalties .
( See Chapter 15 .
Outside salesmen deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary , commission , or other compensation .
( See Chapter 10 .
)
They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home .
) If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify .
If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income , you may not deduct it .
( See Chapter 20 .
) 50% of capital gains .
)
Minors minors must also file returns if they earn $600 or more during the year .
A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn .
Exemption also allowed parent .
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 .
A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages .
See Chapter 1 .
and they are dashed , no less , by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit .
The central group of the Foundation's advisors are , at any one period of time , the members of our Advisory Board , consisting , now , of thirty-six men and women .
Their locations in all parts of the United States , and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees' minds .
-- of new members through the Advisory Board .
Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of Fellows from Canada , the United States , and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines .
To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows .
We are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ;
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice , both reliable and imaginative , on which to base our selections of Fellows .
For example , the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that Board .
To all , the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks : to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of conveying in words how grateful we are .
The same is true of every foundation .
He is a member both of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American Philosophical Society ; ;
and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions .
Mr. Smith , like the present Secretary General , is a lawyer ; ;
We are not given to lamentations , neither personally nor in these Reports .
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth .
Of this , examples are legion : Pericles speaking his funeral oration in Ancient Greece's extremity after Thermopylae and making it a testament of freedom ; ;
Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount , close to his ultimate sacrifice ; ;
Keats's words -- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats ; ;
Isaac Newton , at the age of twenty-three , industriously calculating logarithms `` to two and fifty places '' during the great plague year in England , 1665 ; ;
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind .
For example , out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles Dickens ; ;
But as all understand who have eyes to see , nothing of the kind has happened ; ;
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity .
Some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit ; ;
Sir Henry Sumner Maine , a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with , wrote his brilliant legal generalization , that `` the progress of society is from status to contract '' .
The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do .
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress .
The eternal truth is that progress -- due , as it always is , to individual creative genius -- is just as dependent on freedom as human life is dependent on the beating of the heart .
in 1960 , we granted 334 .
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view .
At the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of Walcott & Harris in Valley Falls , Rhode Island , and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation , he went into business for himself in 1831 , making lathes and small tools .
This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833 , under the name D. Brown & Son , a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown & Sharpe .
The years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered .
Much of his genius , of course , sprang from his familiarity with clock movements .
He became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the 1840's , and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period .
But his business also grew , and we are told that Mr. Brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his inclinations led him to desire .
It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12 , 1848 , Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book , in his characteristically cryptic style , `` Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice '' .
the company became `` J. R. Brown & Sharpe '' , and entered into a new and important period of its development .
The basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in 1855 by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine .
Throughout their careers , both Mr. Brown and Mr. Sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical trades .
In 1858 , the partnership began manufacturing the Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine .
Curious as to what made it work , he built a crude model of it in wood , and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread , enabling the crude machine to take stitches .
When he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the Howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one .
The new work was a boon to the partnership , not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J. R. Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment .
The turret screw machine , now known as the Brown & Sharpe hand screw machine , takes its ancestry directly from Mr. Brown's efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine .
Mr. Brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the turret , by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock , and reversible tap and die holders .
The child of this problem was Mr. Brown's famous Serial No. 1 Universal Milling Machine , the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world .
Although Mr. Brown was not himself its inventor ( it was a French idea ) , it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use .
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition .
This machine , like its milling counterpart , was the antecedent of a machine-family used to this very day in precision metalworking shops throughout the world .
One such man was Samuel Darling .
In 1868 , however , a truce was called between the companies , and the partnership of Darling , Brown & Sharpe was formed .
He was an ardent champion of the Brown & Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company .
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad .
Commencing with the death of Lucian Sharpe in 1899 , the name of Henry D. Sharpe was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company .
During the early part of this century , the Brown & Sharpe works in Providence were unchallenged as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world .
During these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr. Brown .
It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines , from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business , from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines .
The company is still broadening its line and is now active on four major fronts .
In the Cutting Tool Division , the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling cutters , end mills and saws .
Sales and other operating income increased 25.1% from $24,926,615 in 1959 to $31,179,816 in 1960 .
This increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development .
In spite of the fact that our largest market , the textile industry , was affected substantially by the current decline in business activity , we have been able to produce and deliver our machines throughout the year 1960 at a rate materially higher than during 1959 .
Outlook for current year
However , the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961 .
In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder U. S. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on Leesona's business in the next few years .
Our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona .
This program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values -- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality , fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money .
Such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment , in terms of efficiency and versatility .
On this basis , our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to Leesona's future growth in sales and earnings .
Much of this necessary increase in research and development , though properly chargeable to current expenses , is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years .
Stretch yarn machines
Fashion centers are now predicting broad acceptance of sports apparel and improved `` wash and wear '' dresses and blouses made from these fabrics .
It transfers yarn directly from the producers' largest package into ideal supply packages for use on Unifil loom winders in weaving stretch yarn fabrics .
This we believe will substantially broaden the potential market for the equipment .
Uniconer
This work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year .
The Uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment ; ;
Because the bobbin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost operation for the mill , the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production , at the same time upgrading quality .
Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine .
New Unifil application
A new application for the Unifil loom winder , running single filling for box looms , will broaden mill use of this equipment .
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed .
Diversification plans
Patterson Moos research
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 .
The building will contain 430,000 square feet , approximately the same as our present plant .
Layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis .
Financial developments
The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction .
It will be transfered on completion to The Industrial Foundation of Rhode Island , a non-profit organization , which will reimburse us for the cost of construction .
We will then occupy the new plant under lease , with an option to purchase .
We believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment .
Long term loans have been reduced by $395,000 to $2,461,000 .
In addition , Blue Cross coverage for all employees and their dependents was extended to provide the full cost of semi-private hospital accommodations .
During the pension year ended December 31 , 1960 , 23 employees retired , making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan .
At December 13 , 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence , as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan , totaled $2,412,616 .
As in many other industries , rising costs and intense competition , both domestic and foreign , have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years .
As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility .
Problems of shifting styles
Production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly .
In addition , production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics , as well as blends .
Extensive facilities for group performance are provided by maintaining , under skilled direction , the Choir , the Orchestra , the Band , the Glee Club , and smaller ensembles of wind and string players .
All students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify .
Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones ( men's vocal groups ) , and the Keynotes ( a women's singing group ) .
they perform at many campus social events .
A college service of worship is held each Sunday morning at eleven o'clock in the Chapel .
Music is furnished by the Carleton College Choir .
A Sunday evening program provides theological lectures , music , drama , and films related to the issues of the Judeo-Christian tradition .
There are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups .
Theater
and to develop a discriminating audience for good drama and sensitive performance .
Dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players , which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims .
Student workshop
this workshop , located in Boliou Hall , provides facilities for students to work in ceramics , weaving , enameling , welding , woodworking , textile printing , printmaking , and lapidary .
A student organization , Bottega , is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical , technical , and productive contexts .
The group meets once a week in the Boliou Student Workshop .
the Athletic program at Carleton is considered an integral part of the activities of the College and operates under the same budgetary procedure and controls as the academic work .
It concerns itself with : 1 .
The policies which govern the program 2 .
The approval of athletic schedules 4 .
The maintenance of Midwest Conference eligibility standards
Carleton is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and abides by its eligibility rules .
2 .
A student to be eligible for the captaincy of any Carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least 1.00 .
The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport .
This Association , organized in 1920 , is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women .
The Association is governed by a board made up of representatives from each of the four classes .
Membership is open to any woman student in the College .
Orchesis , for students interested in the modern dance , contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration .
The Association participates in the winter sports carnival and sponsors several Play Days with St. Olaf and other nearby colleges .
The Bulletin , in five issues : The Report Of The President in August ; ;
The Alumni Fund Report in September ; ;
an Alumni Reunion Bulletin in April ; ;
In co-operation with the Alumni Association of Carleton College , an alumni magazine , The Voice Of The Carleton Alumni , is edited and mailed seven times a year by the College's Publications Office and the Alumni Office .
These publications may be secured as follows : The Annual Catalog from the Director of Admissions and other issues from the Publications Office .
In January , 1960 , the first issue of The Carleton Miscellany , a quarterly literary magazine , was published by the College .
Student publications
( See page 100 .
The editor , sports editor , and student business manager are chosen in December , the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester .
The Algol , the college annual , is published in the fall of each year .
Members of The Algol staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board .
Manuscript , a quarterly literary magazine , is published by the students of the College .
It is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing .
Campus broadcasting station
A low-power , `` carrier-current '' broadcasting station , KARL , heard only in the campus dormitories , is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic , musical , literary , technical , and other talents , and to furnish information , music , and entertainment for campus listeners .
The Carleton Social Co-operative is a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association .
Week-end activities for the entire campus are planned by the Co-op Board .
In recent months , much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future .
And yet , despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade , 1960 has been a good year in many ways , with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole .
The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing , in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle .
In the electronics industry , this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of TV sets .
The total value of our industry's shipments , at factory prices , increased from $9.2 billion in 1959 to approximately $10.1 billion as a result of increases in all of the major segments of our business -- home entertainment , military , industrial , and replacement .
Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953 , dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion , compared to $1.7 billion in 1959 .
Sales of TV sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through July ; ;
set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic .
For the year as a whole , retail sales of TV sets probably came to 5.8 million against 5.7 million in 1959 ; ;
Both home and auto radios were in excellent demand , with retail sales of home sets ahead of 1959 in every month of the first eleven ; ;
I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10 - 15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison , with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will .
It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability .
While this may well be true in general , I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions .
Among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the Polaris and B70 programs , strengthening of the airborne alert system of the Strategic Air Command , and improved battlefield surveillance systems .
Research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite SAMOS and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as Nike-Zeus are expected to increase substantially .
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion .
Replacement parts
In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components .
Sales of passive components , such as capacitors and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year , and should increase again in 1961 .
In sum , I look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961 , with total sales increasing about 7% to $10.8 billion , despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally .
The appointment of Gilbert B. Devey as General Manager of VecTrol Engineering , Inc. , of Stamford , Connecticut , a leading manufacturer of thyratron and silicon controlled rectifier electrical controls , has been announced by David B. Peck , Vice President , Special Products .
Mr. Devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with Walter J. Brown , President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary .
Mr. Brown will at the same time undertake expansion of VecTrol's custom design program for electronic control users with a greatly increased engineering staff .
During World War 2 , , he was a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy .
He was named Product Manager of the Special Products Division of Sprague when it was founded in 1958 , and was later promoted to his present post .
Mr. Brown , well-known , English-born inventor , prior to founding VecTrol was at various times section leader in radio research at Metropolitan Vickers Electrical Co. , Ltd. ; ;
chief engineer of the radio set division of Electric and Musical Industries , Ltd. , the largest electronic equipment manufacturer in Great Britain ; ;
He is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers , London , a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio , and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain .
The promotion of Robert E. Swift to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by Frederick S. Scarborough , Manager of Interference Control Field Service .
Between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters .
The president expects faculty members to remember , in exercising their autonomy , that they share no collective responsibility for the university's income nor are they personally accountable for top-level decisions .
How well do faculty members govern themselves ? ?
There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government .
They sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government .
Letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole , an area that would benefit by more faculty attention .
Although faculties insist on governing themselves , they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government .
He can , for example , present significant university-wide issues to the senate .
by minimizing the number of committees .
Despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration , complaints of a lack of communication persist .
The critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually rebuilds and regenerates itself so that its performance will match changing social demands .
Great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves .
The quality of a president's leadership is measured first by his success in building up the faculty .
The academic dean should take a direct , long-term interest in faculty development .
Some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act pro forma .
To avoid passing over quiet , unaggressive teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion , review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments .
There are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly .
On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution , the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action .
A true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities Without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for .
Recently colleges and universities have begun to translate their educational philosophy into institution-wide goals .
Or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects ? ?
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed .
It should sternly appraise curricula , faculty , organization , buildings , faculty work loads , and potential for growth in stature and size .
Implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven .
No matter how high the hopes and dreams of educators , budget making adjusts them to the cold realities of dollars and cents .
He reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution .
Otherwise it will be headed for bankruptcy , at worst , and at best towards starvation of other less dramatic but socially and culturally indispensable branches of learning .
In the national interest even the affluent universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the Joneses in all branches .
Here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary role .
In the areas that do not relate directly to the educational program , expert subordinates will serve the college or university better than close presidential attention .
It has recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres .
When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon .
Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface .
The observed intensity of the radio emission of Venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity , although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 cm and 10 cm is like that of a black body at about 600-degrees .
This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet , although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence .
The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations , but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin .
They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion ; ;
that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and Pettit ( 1935 ) ; ;
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon .
Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that rocklike materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves , although opaque to infrared radiation .
The infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon , while the radio emission originates at some depth beneath the surface , where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase .
Since the absorption of radio waves in rocklike material varies with wave length , it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material .
The observable characteristics of planetary radio radiation are the intensity , the polarization , and the direction of arrival of the waves .
The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc .
It should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers .
Measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth .
There have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation .
The measurements made with the NRL 50-foot reflector , which is altitude-azimuth-mounted , would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized .
The quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1-degree .
Therefore , neglecting the extreme outbursts , reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range .
2.1 observations
Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm , and the results are summarized in Table 1 .
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers , must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures .
These observations indicate that the lunar maria heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions .
These contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid falloff in the radio brightness with latitude .
The constant-temperature contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 mm by Coates ( 1959 ) and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features .
Such high-resolution observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly interpreted .
The half-intensity diameter of the antenna beam was about 9' , and the angle subtended by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side lobes .
The ratio of the measured antenna temperature change during a drift scan across the moon to the average brightness temperature of the moon over the antenna beam ( assuming that the brightness temperature of the sky is negligible ) was found , by graphical integration of the antenna directivity diagram , to be 0.85 .
This result is plotted along with the 8.6-mm observations of Gibson ( 1958 ) in figure 1 , A .
In the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component .
The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20 , 1958 , using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory .
The age of the moon was about 2 days .
Abstract
Thus , the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc .
It was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy .
A detailed energy balance of the anode was established .
The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Aj .
Qualitative observations were made and high-speed motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities .
Introduction
The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation .
The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode .
In plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may modify the picture somewhat .
This phenomenon has been experimentally investigated in detail by Maecker ( Ref. 1 ) .
It is apparent from the above and from experimental evidence that the cooling requirements for the anode of free burning arcs are large compared with those for the cathode .
however , the anode is still the part receiving the largest heat flux .
The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage .
Gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes , but also modifies the conditions in the arc itself .
Argon was used as a blowing gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical reaction .
Sintered porous metals should be usable in principle .
However , technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots .
Thus , direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators ( Ref. 3 ) .
The cathode consisted of a 1/4'' '' diameter thoriated tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube .
The anode in figure 2 was mounted by means of the anode holder which was attached to a steel plug and disk .
The transpiring gas ejected from the anode formed a jet directed axially towards the cathode below .
Inflow of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2 .
Argon was also blown at low velocities ( mass flow rate Af ) through a tube coaxial with the cathode as an additional precaution against contamination of the arc by air .
The anode plug ( Figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder .
A shielded thermocouple was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas .
Three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature .
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 .
In this design the anode holder is water cooled and the heat losses by conduction from the anode were determined by measuring the temperature rise of the coolant .
To reduce heat transfer from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc , a carbon shield was attached to the surface providing an air gap of 1/16 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder .
In addition , the inner surface of the carbon shield was covered with aluminum foil to reduce radiation .
The current was regulated by means of a variable resistor and measured with a 50 mV shunt and millivoltmeter .
In order to reduce the number of variable parameters , all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5'' '' and a current of 100 Aj .
The lower limit was determined by the fact that for smaller flow rates the arc started to strike to the anode holder instead of to the porous graphite plug and that it became highly unstable .
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc .
This region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously .
For each mass flow rate the arc voltage was measured .
To measure the surface temperature of the anode plug , the surface was scanned with a pyrometer .
The rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug .
The mean temperature of this region was approximated by the temperature measured halfways between the edge of the hot spot and the rim of the plug .
Assuming thermal equilibrium between the anode surface and the transpiring argon , the gas enthalpy rise through the anode was calculated according to the relation Af whereby the specific heat of argon was taken as Af .
The upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocouple shown in figure 2 was Af .
Simultaneously with the anode surface temperature and voltage measurements pyrometer readings were taken along the cylindrical surface of the carbon anode holder as indicated on figure 2 .
They showed no marked dependence on the flow rate within the accuracy of these measurements .
It is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder , to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements .
The temperature dependent value of **ye was taken from Ref. 7 .
The radiation loss from the anode surface was computed according to Af where Af is the mean of the fourth powers of the temperatures Af and Af calculated analogously to equation ( 1 ) .
A band viscometer is shown in Figure 2 .
In normal use weights are hung on the end of the tape and allowed to pull the tape and the material to be tested between the blocks .
By the use of various weights , data for a force-rate of shear graph can be obtained .
The instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described .
In this test a Af tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of Af with a clearance of 0.002'' '' on each side of the tape .
This gives a rate of shear of Af .
This , however , can only be considered approximate , as the diameter of the pulley was increased by the build-up of tape and the tape was occasionally removed from the pulley during the runs .
Two of the fluids showed a high-positive normal pressure when undergoing shear , and two showed small negative pressures which were negligible in comparison with the amount of the positive pressures generated by the other two .
Although the tape was run for over 1 hr. , a steady state was not reached , and it was concluded that the reason for this was that the back pressure of the manometer was built up from the material fed from between the blocks and this was available at a very slow rate .
A back pressure was then introduced , and the rise or fall of the material in the manometer indicated which was greater , the normal pressure in the block or the back pressure .
The two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were polybutenes with molecular weights which were stated to be 520 and 300 .
These experiments can be considered exploratory only .
They also give information which will aid in the design of a more satisfactory instrument for the measurement of the normal pressures .
The actual change Af caused by a shear field is calculated by multiplying the pressure differential times the volume , just as it is for any gravitational or osmotic pressure head .
If the volume is the molal volume , then Af is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists .
Although the Af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects .
Consider a shear field with a height of H and a cross-sectional area of A opposed by a manometer with a height of H ( referred to the same base as H ) and a cross-sectional area of A .
The total volume of the system above the reference height is Af , and H can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of H .
This is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium .
Essentially these birefringence studies show that at low rates of shear a tension is present at 45-degrees to the direction of shear , and as the rate of shear increases , the direction of the maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of shear .
According to Philippoff , the recoverable shear S is given by Af where **yc is the angle of extinction .
These droplets appear to be ellipsoids , and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are .
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume : ( A ) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop .
( C ) The kinetic effects are negligible .
This formula is given by Rumscheidt and Mason .
If A is the major axis of an ellipsoid and B and C are the other two axes , the radius of curvature in the ab plane at the end of the axis Af , and the difference in pressure along the A and B axes is Af .
However , there are photographs of suspended drops of cyclohexanol phthalate ( viscosity 155 poises ) suspended in corn syrup of 71 poises in a paper by Mason and Bartok .
This viscosity of the material in the drops is , of course , not negligible .
This appears to be high , as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the drops .
This is known as conformational entropy .
Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure .
An isotropic resonance shift of Af to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic hyperfine contact interaction .
The general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment Af of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to Af .
The theory predicts a linear dependence of Af on Af , where J is the experimentally determined Curie-Weiss constant .
The experimental second moment Af conforms to the relation Af in agreement with theory .
The nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei , but the symmetry of the Af bond in Af remains in doubt .
Introduction
Af appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal paramagnet , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong Af bond provides structural interest .
Theoretical studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the Af bond will be linear in the absence of peculiarities of packing in the solid .
There is evidence , though less convincing than for Af , that the Af bond in nickel dimethylglyoxime is symmetric .
Here the Af distance is 2.44 Aj .
He finds the structure contains an Af bond with the Af distance of Af .
There is , then , the possibility that this Af bond is symmetric , although Douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data .
Douglass found Af to be trigonal , Laue symmetry Af , with Af , Af .
This space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric .
Douglass found powder intensity calculations and measurements to agree best for Af .
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms .
The O atoms in each sheet are close packed and each Cr atom is surrounded by a distorted octahedron of O atoms .
A drawing of the structure is to be found in reference 6 .
The structure appears to be unique among OOH compounds , but is the same as that assumed by Af .
However , the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off Af , but also allows the oxygen atoms to become nonequivalent , with Af at Af and Af at Af ( space group Af ) , where Af represents the oxygens on one side of the Af layers and Af those on the other side .
However , any oxygen nonequivalence would shorten either the already extremely short Af interlayer distance of 2.55 A or the non-hydrogen-bonded Af interlayer interactions which are already quite short at 2.58 Aj .
Hence it is difficult to conceive of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from geometrical equivalence .
The only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general , rather than special , positions along the ( 111 ) axis .
( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet , but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other ; ;
Position ( 2 ) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a piezoelectric effect and on general chemical structural grounds .
A randomization of `` ups '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` ups '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists .
samples
Douglass prepared his sample of Af by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325-degrees-C .
Dr. Douglass was kind enough to lend us about 5 grams of his material .
This material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample .
Subsequently , we learned from Douglass that his sample contained a few percent Af impurity .
Differential thermal analysis showed a very small endothermic reaction at 340-degrees-C and a large endothermic reaction at 470-degrees-C .
This latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of Af .
Thermogravimetric analysis showed a weight loss of 1.8% centered at 337-degrees-C and another weight loss of 10.8% at 463-degrees-C .
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour .
The x-ray diffraction pattern of the material , taken with CuK**ya radiation , indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of Douglass .
Magnetic analyses by R. G. Meisenheimer of this laboratory indicated no ferromagnetic impurities .
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 .
An infrared spectrum , obtained by H. A. Benesi and R. G. Snyder of this laboratory , showed bands in the positions found by Jones .
The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single-crystal domains are smaller than this .
Nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) measurements
The magnetic resonance absorption was detected by employing a Varian model Af broad line spectrometer and the associated 12-inch electromagnet system .
The rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects .
The spectrometer was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal .
This measurement was obtained by W. Blumberg of the University of California , Berkeley , by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal .
Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration .
One sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-C , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature .
The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-C which contain no adsorbed water .
The measured powder density of the Af used here was about Af , approximately one-third that of the crystal density ( Af ) .
Such a density corresponds to a paramagnetic ion density of about Af .
Spectra were obtained from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a height-to-diameter ratio of 4 : :
The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical .
Spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube .
These widely advertised products , which are used primarily for washing clothes , are based on high-sudsing , synthetic organic actives ( sodium alkylbenzenesulfonates ) and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium tripolyphosphate or a mixture of sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate .
Many scouring powders now also contain phosphates .
The cleaning process
In contrast , a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less .
Exclusive of esthetic values , such as high- or low-foam level , perfume content , etc. , the requirements for the organic active used in washing textiles are high .
No matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal .
Since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive , a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of detergents .
Harris has indicated that two devices , the Launder-Ometer and Terg-O-Tometer are most widely used for rapid detergent testing , and he has listed the commercially available standard soiled fabrics .
The soiled fabrics used for rapid testing of detergent formulations are made in such a way that only part of the soil is removed by even the best detergent formulation in a single wash .
In this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing .
The problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex .
Indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation .
Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces .
3 .
4 .
Obviously , if colloidal particles bear charges of opposite sign or , if one kind is charged and the other kind is not , the attraction will be intensified and the tendency to agglomerate will be greatly reinforced .
In addition , dirt particles can be held onto a soiled surface by sticky substances or by the surface tension of liquids , including liquid greases .
Greases , stains , and miscellaneous soils are usually sorbed onto the soiled surface .
Greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water ; ;
Therefore , detergents are used .
The other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the hydrophilic sticky or dried soils .
As is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution .
Physicochemical investigations of anionic surfactants , including the soaps , have shown that there is little polymerization or agglomeration of the chain anions below a certain region of concentration called the critical micelle concentration .
Related to micelle formation is the technologically important ability of detergent actives to congregate at oil - water interfaces in such a manner that the polar ( or ionized ) end of the molecule is directed towards the aqueous phase and the hydrocarbon chain towards the oily phase .
Obviously , a substance which is permanently or temporarily sorbed on the surface in place of the soil will tend to accelerate this process and effectively push off the greasy soil .
The negatively charged dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase .
The influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale .
In the over-all process , it is difficult to assign a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a built-detergent formulation ; ;
The photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at 65-degrees using light absorbed only by the Af .
In the gas phase , with Af of Af and Af of Af , quantum yields of the order of Af have been observed at 85-degrees .
The reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies .
It should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system followed by multiple distillation of the liquid .
It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine .
also it would be expected that Af would compete very effectively with any impurities as a scavenger for Af radicals .
Contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of reproducibility one would wish , even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents .
We are reporting these investigations here briefly because of their relevancy to problems of the study of apparently simple exchange reactions of chlorine and because the results furnish some information on the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine atoms from carbon tetrachloride .
-- Matheson highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of resublimed Af into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air .
Previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place .
The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af .
This chlorine-carbon tetrachloride solution was illuminated for a day following which the flask was resealed onto a vacuum system and the excess chlorine distilled off .
The desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off .
The reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a side-arm attached to the manifold and then allowed to distil slowly into the manifold of pre-cooled reaction cells before sealing off .
This method in general solved the problem of obtaining fairly equal concentrations of reactants in each of the six cells from a set .
Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220-degrees .
The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces .
Two types of light source were used , a thousand watt projection lamp and an AH6 high pressure mercury arc .
The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell .
Relative incident light intensities were measured with a thermopile potentiometer system .
Following reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20% aqueous sodium iodide solution .
Carrier Af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) .
After titration of the liberated Af with Af , aliquots of the aqueous and of the organic phase were counted in a solution-type Geiger tube .
In the liquid phase runs the amount of carbon tetrachloride in each reaction tube was determined by weighing the tube before opening and weighing the fragments after emptying .
The fraction of exchange was determined as the ratio of the counts / minute observed in the carbon tetrachloride to the counts / minute calculated for the carbon tetrachloride fractions for equilibrium distribution of the activity between the chlorine and carbon tetrachloride , empirically determined correction being made for the difference in counting efficiency of Af in Af and Af .
-- In studying the liquid phase thermal reaction , some 70 tubes from 12 different manifold fillings were prepared and analyzed .
Experiments were done at 180 , 200 , 210 , and 220-degrees .
In addition to the method described in the section above , chlorine and radiochlorine were prepared by the electrolysis of a Af eutectic on the vacuum line , and by exchange of Af with molten Af .
Calcium hydride was substituted for Af as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride .
The reaction rates observed at 200-degrees ranged from Af of the chlorine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour .
The liquid phase photochemical exchange between chlorine and carbon tetrachloride was more reproducible than the thermal exchange , although still erratic .
The improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same manifold .
By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .
It was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a uranyl oxalate actinometer solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of uranyl oxalate and of chlorine , and considering the spectral distribution of the light source .
When typical reaction cells to which 0.3 of an atmosphere of oxygen had been added were illuminated , chlorine and phosgene were produced .
The photochemical exchange in the gas phase .
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .
In series 1 , the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cell over the range from 14.7 to 29.2 cm. .
Direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2 , where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen .
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ;
Wyatt and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth .
The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size -- a 1000-m-diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years .
Whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the solar-corpuscular-radiation pressure , which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag .
Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force .
Also , planetary gravitational attraction increases the dust concentration near the plane of the ecliptic as the sun is approached .
At one astronomical unit from the sun ( the Earth's distance ) the dust orbits are probably nearly circular .
De Jager ( 1955 ) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect , which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi-major axis .
This effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth .
Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects , there must be a continual replenishment : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space .
According to Whipple ( 1955 ) , cometary debris is sufficient to replenish the material spiraling into the sun , maintaining a fairly steady state .
5.3 direct measurements of micrometeorite flux
Beyond a few million kilometers from the Earth , but still in the region of the Earth's orbit , a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable .
There are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment .
In addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain .
The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages ; ;
this mass threshold was derived from the detector calibration and an assumed impact velocity of Af .
The data show daily and diurnal variations .
There have been contradictory reports from 1958 Delta 2 , and the data quoted here are believed to be the more reliable .
and for the next nine days , the impact rate was less than Af ( Nazarova , 1960 ) .
The day-to-day rate varied by less than a factor of 4.5 .
Note that the mass threshold is four times that of 1958 Alpha and that the flux is one fifth as large .
If one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements , a mass-distribution curve is obtained which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse 7/2 power of the radius .
Being based on so few events , these results are of dubious validity .
However , one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship .
The threshold mass of about Af corresponds to a 10-M-diameter sphere of density Af .
However , the conversion from mass to size is unreliable , since many photographic meteors give evidence of a fluffy , loosely bound meteorite structure with densities as low as Af .
The diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the dependence of the detector sensitivity on the incident velocity .
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data .
A summary of meteorite data , prepared by Whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in Table 5-1 .
The values agree with the data from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta .
The figures in the next-to-last column are derived with the assumption of 50 per cent shielding by the Earth ; ;
hence , these figures apply immediately above the Earth's atmosphere .
these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth .
Of course , if there is a dust blanket around the Earth , the fluxes in interplanetary space should be less than the figures given here .
Note that the mass scale is one to two orders of magnitude greater than some previously used ; ;
A concentration distribution has been derived from radar observations sensitive to the fifteenth magnitude ( Manning and Eshleman , 1959 ) .
Therefore , N is inversely proportional to the radius cubed and in fair agreement with the inverse 7/2 power derived from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data .
The solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns .
Indirect indications of micrometeorite flux
For all meteorites , the average nickel content is about 2.5 per cent .
Biological warfare
Biological warfare is the intentional use of living microorganisms or their toxic products for the purpose of destroying or reducing the military effectiveness of man .
The incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter .
An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area .
This concept has stimulated much basic research concerning the behavior of particulate biological materials , the pathogenesis of respiratory infections , the medical management of such diseases and defense against their occurrence .
The biological and physical properties of infectious particles have been studied intensively during the past fifteen years .
Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .
The natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract , such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi , are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence .
The relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in Table 1 .
In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect .
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne .
Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface .
Certain other properties of small particles , in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory tract , are noteworthy in defense considerations .
Depending on the organism , there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products , i.e. , in milk for example .
The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense .
Something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field trials :
In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions .
Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial .
The particles traveled a maximum detected distance of some 450 miles .
From these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34,000 square miles was covered .
The behavior of a biological aerosol , on a much smaller scale , is illustrated by a specific field trial conducted with a non-pathogenic organism .
The spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small Naval vessel , cruising two miles off-shore and vertical to an on-sure breeze .
There was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity .
It is quite likely that an even greater area was covered , particularly downwind .
The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : Af
This was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol .
Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .
In tularemia produced by aerosol exposure , one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of `` rabbit fever '' on a finger .
An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .
Moreover , it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable .
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population .
A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized .
There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
An enemy might choose an acutely debilitating microorganism , a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of lethality .
Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification .
Biological agents are , of course , highly host-specific .
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives .
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion .
Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem .
They then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics , it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated .
They argue further ( and somewhat contradictorily ) that our knowledge and resources in preventive medicine would make it possible to control such an outbreak of disease .
This is why this approach to BW defense has not been given major attention .
Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target .
A hypothetical example will illustrate this point .
No epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in City A was not lousy .
In this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack .
This was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic .
The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices .
If it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city , it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city .
A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned .
America is rapidly becoming a nation that uses processed , precooked and even predigested foods .
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage .
These include low-temperature ethanol ( Cohn ) fractionation , electrophoresis , ultracentrifugation and column chromatography on ion exchange celluloses .
Serum samples were obtained from normal group A , group B and group O donors .
In addition one serum was obtained from a donor ( R. E. ) who had been sensitized 6 years previously .
This serum exhibited titers of 1 : 16 in albumin and 1 : 256 by the indirect Coombs test .
One drop of each sample was added to one drop of a 2% suspension of group Af or group B red cells in a small Af test tube .
In several instances group O cells were also used as controls .
For the albumin method , equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin , sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 Aj .
The activities of fractions of sera containing Rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect Coombs techniques .
however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous Af and homozygous Af cells will be presented here .
The saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner .
Those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the `` broad spectrum '' type were selected for use in the present study .
The small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ml of starting buffer , centrifuged , resuspended in 2.5 ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity .
The deep concave gradient employed ( fig. 2 ) was obtained with a nine-chambered gradient elution device ( `` Varigrad '' , reference ( 8 ) ) and has been described elsewhere .
in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer , 0.50 M in both Af and Tris , pH 4.1 .
These were read at 280 m**ym in a Beckman model DU spectrophotometer and tested for antibody activity as described above .
Paper electrophoresis .
At the end of the run , the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried , stained for 1 hr , washed and dried , while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at 1-degree-C .
Ultracentrifugation .
Sedimentation coefficients were computed as Af values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the Schlieren patterns .
For preparative ultracentrifugation , fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less , transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline .
The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity , regardless of the blood group of the donor .
These have been labeled Regions 1 , 2 , and 4 , respectively , in Fig. 1 .
In all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity .
There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( J. F. and E. M. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) .
Several samples of citrated plasma were fractionated in our laboratory by Method 6 of Cohn et al .
These fractions were tested for ABO agglutinin activity , using fractions from group AB plasma as a control .
As expected , most of the activity was found in Fraction Af , with slight activity seen in Fraction 4-1 .
A sample of Fraction Af from group O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer , dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in Fig. 2 .
Once again , both anti-A and anti-B activities were found in the insoluble material precipitated during dialysis .
Similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding capacity , respectively ( Fig. 3 ) .
Chromatography of whole sera revealed that the areas of Rh antibody activity were generally continuous and wide .
The insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity .
In fact agglutination of Af cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing `` only '' incomplete antibody activity .
This was later known to be the result of concentrating the minute amount of complete antibody found in these sera ; ;
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected .
Apart from the honeybee , practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor .
The survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in March or April , when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind .
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red Ribes sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest , or otherwise a good sloe tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or staminate catkins .
By scrutinizing the flowers , one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts .
Those are the nectaries or honey glands ( Fig. 26 , page 74 ) .
The staminate willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen ; ;
Let us not try to key them out at this stage of the game , and let us just call them Bombus .
If you really insist on knowing their names , an excellent book on the North American species is Bumblebees And Their Ways by O. E. Plath .
Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest , a bird house , or the hole made by a woodpecker ; ;
The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen , taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots .
When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother .
She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed .
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ;
By the middle of the summer , many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is `` optimal '' , and it is then that young queens begin to appear .
Simultaneously , males or drones are produced , mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers , although a few may be produced by the queen .
The temperature then is still very high .
Some members of the bee family have become idlers , social parasites that live at the expense of their hardworking relatives .
When she succeeds , she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively , to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment .
Thus , the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread .
Later on , they and the mother Psithyrus are fed by the Bombus workers .
But let us return , after this gruesome interlude , to our willow catkins in the spring ; ;
there are other wild bees that command our attention .
It is almost certain that some of these , usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees , are andrenas or mining bees .
There are about 200 different kinds of Andrena in Europe alone .
Almost equal in size to a honeybee , A. armata is much more beautiful in color , at least in the female of the species : a rich , velvety , rusty red .
After having mated , an Andrena female digs a hole straight down into the ground , forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil .
The development of the Andrena larvae is very rapid , so that by the end of spring they have already pupated and become adults .
But they are still enclosed in their larval cells and remain there throughout the summer , fall , and winter .
In the Sacramento valley in California , for instance , it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins .
This must be due to a completely identical response to the weather , in the plant and the animal .
Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species .
After all , social life in the group of the bees is by no means general , although it certainly is a striking feature .
On the basis of its life history , we like to think that Andrena is more primitive than the bumblebees .
The way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect , either .
It lacks pollen baskets and possesses only a large number of long , branched hairs on its legs , on which the pollen grains will collect .
Still Andrena will do a reasonably good job , so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind .
Often the burrows are only an inch or two apart , and the bee cities cover several acres .
The life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of Andrena , but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer , and the individuals hibernate in the prepupal stage .
This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington , but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August , when the bees are in their most active period .
The name `` alkali bee '' indicates that one has to look for them in rather inhospitable places .
Sometimes , although by no means always , these are indeed alkaline .
They dislike dense vegetation .
Where does one find such conditions ? ?
The best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth .
Felix Kopstein states that `` when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length '' , but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception , with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity .
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions .
For four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length , the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage .
If , in a certain part of the range , it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other ( relatively large ) giants , and reaches maturity at , let us guess , 18 inches longer than the others , a quadrupling of the maturity length would result in a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet .
When it comes to rate of early growth , the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years , more or less .
There are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python .
at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet .
It is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity , but this apparently is an overestimation .
red-bellied snake ( Storeria ) , two years ; ;
cottonmouth ( Ancistrodon ) , two years .
Klauber investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found .
Other herpetologists have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie rattlesnake may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old , and that the young may be born every other year , rather than annually .
Carpenter's study showed that female common garter and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two .
Maximum length
Measurements of skins are of little value ; ;
The anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment , but the reason for this is not clear ; ;
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible .
The first is the strictly scientific , which demands concrete proof and therefore may err on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh .
This approach rejects virtually all field measurements .
field measurements by experienced explorers are not rejected , and even reports of a less scientific nature are duly evaluated .
The third level leans on a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire .
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of hoop snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts .
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes , and has come to these conclusions : the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet , the reticulate python 33 , the African rock python 25 , the amethystine python at least 22 , the Indian python 20 , and the boa constrictor 18-1/2 .
Bernard Heuvelmans also treats of the largest snakes , but on the third level , and is chiefly concerned with the anaconda .
He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found , some might be 38 , and occasional `` monstrous freaks '' over 50 .
His thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength , but these seem to be given to complete his picture , not to be believed .
Detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows .
time required to reach maturity ; ;
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking .
Anaconda :
A brood of twenty-eight born at Brookfield Zoo , near Chicago , ranged in length from 22 to 33-1/2 inches and averaged 29 inches .
the extreme measurements of these fall between the lower limit of the Brookfield brood and its average .
Raymond L. Ditmars had two broods that averaged 27 inches .
R. R. Mole and F. W. Urich give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the Orinoco estuaries .
In contrast , Ditmars recorded the average length of seventy-two young of a 19-foot female as 38 inches , and four young were born in London at a length of 35 or 36 inches and a weight of from 14 to 16 ounces .
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size .
Hans Schweizer had one that increased from 19-1/2 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years , and J. J. Quelch records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years .
In 1948 , Afranio Do Amaral , the noted Brazilian herpetologist , wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes .
Thus , his estimate lies between Oliver's suggestion of at least 37 feet and the 50-foot `` monstrous freaks '' intimated by Heuvelmans .
In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies .
A Colombian female's brood of sixteen boa constrictors born in the Staten Island Zoo averaged 20 inches .
However , as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes , these data must be taken tentatively ; ;
Alphonse R. Hoge's measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male .
I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity .
The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long .
What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; ;
The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout .
The pulmonary vein , however , without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1 , , follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship ( figs. 8 , 22 ) .
Another marked difference is noted here .
The pulmonary artery , in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole , the alveolar duct , and the alveoli , continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura ( fig. 8 ) .
This relationship , however , is not maintained centrally .
The bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals .
As in type 1 , , it provides arterial blood to the interlobular septa , and an extremely rich anastomotic pleural supply is seen ( figs. 9 , 10 ) .
With completion of filling , net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches .
The diameter of this bronchial artery was much too large for it to be a mere vasa vasorum ( figs. 16 , 23 , 24 ) .
This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) .
through the interlobular septa ; ;
and along the terminal bronchiole ( figs. 14 , 17 , 18 , 19 ) .
It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made .
Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well .
For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 .
Anatomically , the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man , insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others ( Birnbaum , '54 ) in the human being .
The only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries .
As early as 1858 , Le Fort claimed an alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries in human beings .
The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of Miller ( '50 ) .
Apparently , however , Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats , and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study ( Loosli , '38 ) .
Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals , nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat ( Miller , '13 ; ;
The meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear .
However , this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung .
Therefore , an explanation of this alveolar bronchial artery supply might be the nutritive requirement of an increased amount of supportive tissue , not primarily diffusing in nature , in the region of the alveolus .
If this be true , the possibility exists that an occlusive lesion of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread degeneration of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized emphysema .
The presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by Ruysch , and thereafter by many others .
Nakamura ( '58 ) , Verloop ( '48 ) , Marchand , Gilroy and Watson ( '50 ) , Von Hayek ( '53 ) , and Tobin ( '52 ) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being .
Miller ( '50 ) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint .
This viewpoint is further supported by Verloop's ( '48 ) demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and arteriolar muscular coats which are capable of acting as valves .
'49 ) found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in rats .
Certainly , the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species .
In conclusion , these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology , pathology , and histology of mammalian lungs .
Finally , it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species .
Summary
The main subgross anatomical features of the lungs of various mammals are presented .
A tabulation of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types .
Lobularity is extremely well developed in type 1 ; ;
absent in type 2 ; ;
The pleura is extremely thin in type 2 and septa are absent .
In types 1 , 2 and 3 the bronchial artery terminates in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole .
In type 3 the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed .
In type 1 the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the hilum .
First , the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls .
In contrast , 20 of the 21 lines in the Completion Profile ( excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for girls ) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period , approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls .
Although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines is based are relatively larger for those centers which begin to ossify early ( Table 1 ) , there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets .
The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children .
It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line .
The upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard deviation , and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard deviation .
To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers .
First , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting of those from Hand , Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , and Foot .
The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand .
The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region .
The lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion .
The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood .
Accordingly , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence .
As stated earlier in the paper , Onsets and Completions -- particularly the former -- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development , each within a limited age period .
Such an indicator , or indicators , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress .
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 .
As one approach to doing this , Figures 3 and 4 have be constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2 .
The differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows .
The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3 , and for girl 2 in Figure 4 .
The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset .
The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables .
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1 .
For the boy , this epiphysis was markedly delayed at Onset but near the mean at Completion .
Obviously , the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion .
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .
The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones .
The correlation ( Table 2 ) between onset age and completion age was -.50 , and that between onset age and Span was -.10 .
With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion , for this particular epiphysis .
As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure : girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion .
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .
Boy 34 , like girl 2 , did not have `` same schedule '' ; ;
The `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early Onset and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later Completion .
After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6 , classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them .
Interestingly enough , the effect of the digitalis glycosides is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium ( Wolff , 1960 ) .
However , the formation of organically bound iodine , mainly mono-iodotyrosine , can be accomplished in cell-free systems .
Taurog , Potter and Chaikoff , 1955 ; ;
Taurog , Potter , Tong , and Chaikoff , 1956 ; ;
On chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to Af and then to Af as the active iodinating species .
In the thyroid gland it appears that proteins ( chiefly thyroglobulin ) are iodinated and that free tyrosine and thyronine are not iodinated .
Iodination of tyrosine , however , is not enough for the synthesis of hormone .
The mono- and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine .
C .
Thyroglobulin synthesis
Little is known of the synthetic mechanisms for formation of thyroglobulin .
Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide .
In addition , depending on availability of dietary iodine , thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine .
D .
Secretion
Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. Section C ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion .
A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers , Petermann and Rall , 1956 ) .
This de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono- and di-iodotyrosine , but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine .
It has been shown that thyroglobulin binds thyroxine , but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong .
E .
One type has a small univalent anion of the thiocyanate-perchlorate-fluoro type .
The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil .
These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism , but they inhibit organification .
Any of the antithyroid drugs , of either type , if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause goitre , owing to inhibition of thyroid hormone synthesis , with production of hypothyroidism .
The effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet .
Stanbury , Brownell , Riggs , Perinetti , Itoiz , and Del Castillo , 1954 ) .
In man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of goitre is about 100 **ymg per day .
B .
The name thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so tested for its presence .
Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood .
Brown ( 1959 ) has reviewed generally the various methods of assaying TSH , and the reader is referred to her paper for further information on the subject .
Chemical constitution and physical properties of pituitary tsh
As long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by Niepce ( 1851 ) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid .
This connection was clarified by Smith and Smith ( 1922 ) , who showed that saline extracts of fresh bovine pituitary glands could re-activate the atrophied thyroids of hypophysectomised tadpoles .
After their work other investigators applied salt-fractionation techniques to the problem , as well as fractionation with organic solvents , such as acetone .
Albert ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of TSH made during this period , from 1931 to 1945 , were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material .
Much of this work has been reviewed by White ( 1944 ) and by Albert ( 1949 ) .
Pierce , Carsten and Wynston , 1960 ) .
The most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency , composition and physical properties .
The importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an abnormally long-acting TSH in blood drawn from many thyrotoxic patients ( Adams , 1958 ) .
In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them .
Standard preparations and units of thyroid-stimulating activity
The international unit ( u. ) , adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( Mussett and Perry , 1955 ) , has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation .
The international unit is equipotent with the USP unit adopted in 1952 , which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 mg of the USP reference substance .
The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia .
This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26 , 1959 , because of disabling weakness and general debility .
In 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years .
In February , 1958 , the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema .
The hemoglobin was 11.6 gm. .
Therapy included digitalization and anticoagulation .
Later , chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure .
the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm. .
In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on Sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until Feb. 18 , 1959 .
Serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq. per liter , and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm. By Dec. 1 , 1958 , the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse , and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position .
Triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was resumed and maintained until Feb. 18 , 1959 .
Chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-week period , but there was no change in the muscle weakness .
At this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet , but marked in the shoulders , hips , and pelvic girdle , with hypoactive deep-tendon reflexes .
In February , 1959 , during the second admission to The New York Hospital , a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections .
the serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase was 10 units per ml. per min. .
The clinical impression at this time was either muscular dystrophy or polymyositis .
On Feb. 12 , 1959 , purified corticotropin ( ACTH Gel ) , 20 units daily intramuscularly , was started but had to be discontinued 3 weeks later because of excessive fluid retention .
From March 3 to May 1 , 1949 , the patient was maintained on dexamethasone , 3 to 6 mg. daily .
In May 1959 , prednisone , 30 mg. daily , replaced the dexamethasone .
The terminal hospital admission on June 27 , 1959 , was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids .
Findings at necropsy
The coronary arteries were sclerotic and diffusely narrowed throughout their courses , and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow atheromatous plaque 1.5 cm. distal to its origin .
The valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets .
Many of the myocardial fibers were hypertrophied and had large , irregular , basophilic nuclei .
The intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells .
Microscopically , there was hyperemia of the central veins , and there was some atrophy of adjacent parenchyma .
The mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm. area .
The small and large intestines were filled with gas , and the jejunum was dilated to about 2 times its normal circumference .
Microscopically , the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of Gram-negative bacterial rods .
The submucosa was focally infiltrated with neutrophils .
Some of the small vessels were filled with fibrin thrombi , and there was extensive interstitial hemorrhage .
Microscopically , both kidneys showed many small cortical scars in which there was glomerular and interstitial fibrosis , tubular atrophy , and an infiltration of lymphocytes and plasma cells .
Occasional tubules contained hyaline casts admixed with neutrophils .
These changes were more marked in the atrophic right kidney than in the left .
In addition , there were 2 small papillary adenomas in the right kidney .
The bone of the vertebral bodies , ribs , and sternum was soft and was easily compressed .
Microscopically , there were many areas of hypercellularity alternating with areas of hypocellularity .
The muscles of the extremities , chest wall , neck , and abdominal wall were soft , pale , and atrophic .
These changes were most marked in the gastrocnemius and biceps and less evident in the pectoralis , diaphragm , and transversus .
Such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic , contained a few pyknotic nuclei , and showed loss of cross-striations , obliteration of myofibrils , and prominent vacuolization .
As shown in Figure 3 , the protoplasm of other fibers was pale , granular , or flocculated and invaded by phagocytes .
Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent .
The nuclei of these fibers , as is shown in Figures 3 and 4 , showed remarkable proliferation and were closely approximated , forming a chainlike structure at either the center or the periphery of the fiber .
Individual nuclei were usually oval to round , though occasionally elongated , and frequently small and somewhat pyknotic .
Trichrome stains failed to show fibrosis in the involved muscles .
In all of the sections examined , the arterioles and small arteries were essentially normal .
In attempting to improve specificity of staining , the fluorescein-labeled antisera used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways : ( 1 ) They were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders ( Coons , 1958 ) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by Agrobacterium tumefaciens ( E. F. Smith & Townsend ) on sweet clover stems .
( 2 ) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20 - 50 mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems .
The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of Af , dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 M neutral phosphate buffer , dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions , and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen .
Preparation of frozen sections
The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory .
The sections were then thawed by placing a finger under the slide and dried under a fan for 30 minutes ; ;
until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks .
The sections were fixed in acetone for 15 minutes and dried at 37-degrees for 30 minutes .
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes .
Sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes .
After blotting out most of the saline around the sections , a drop of Af was layered over each of the sections , allowed to react for 30 minutes , and then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes .
After blotting out most of the liquid around the sections , the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine ( 7 parts glycerine to 3 parts of PBS ) .
The sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes and mounted in buffered glycerine .
Stained or unstained sections were examined under dark field illumination in a Zeiss fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp ( Osram HBO 200 ) .
Sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1 : 10 solution of Af for 30 minutes , washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes , stained with Af for 30 minutes , and washed for 15 minutes in Aj .
Such sections showed bright yellow-green specific fluorescence in the cells of the pseudophloem tissue ( Lee and Black , 1955 ) .
This specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1 : 10 dilution of NS and Af or with Af alone .
Unstained sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with NS or Af did not show such green fluorescence .
Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) , NS and Af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining .
Rinsing the sections with PBS before layering the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction .
When 1 ml of conjugate was passed through a column ( Af ) , the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments , and very little in others .
In the latter cases an additional treatment of the DEAE-cellulose-treated Af with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity .
After these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright yellow-green specific staining .
This conjugate was passed twice through Dowex-2-chloride and treated with various tissue powders in the same manner as described for the indirect method .
Nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column as described for Af .
The best staining procedure with this purified Af consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes .
The specificity of staining with Af was established as follows : Af specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet clover .
Sections of tumors incited by WTV were not similarly stained with conjugated normal serum or conjugated antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus .
but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1 : 4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining .
This indicates that increase in specificity of Af after passing it through DEAE-cellulose was not merely due to dilution .
Specific staining by DEAE-cellulose treated Af and Af , although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells , was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography .
Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors .
The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue .
In some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly inclusion bodies ( Littau and Black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen .
In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of WTV antigen .
Discussion
In the indirect method , this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with NS and Af or with Af only .
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates .
Such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems ( Coons , 1958 ) .
Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus .
A study of the distribution of WTV antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the cytoplasm .
Brakke et al , 1954 ) .
Moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions .
A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey A and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges .
It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism .
In addition , the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates , as Mirsky's interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates .
Hypothalamic balance and its significance
Facilitatory processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending pathways .
On the other hand , the temporary reduction in hypothalamic excitability through the injection of a barbiturate into the posterior hypothalamus causes a lessening in frequency and amplitude of cortical strychnine spikes until the hypothalamic excitability is restored .
Apparently , a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex .
Consequently , if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level , the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges .
This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways .
It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism .
Before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness .
Thus , a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness , resulting in synchronous EEG potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition .
With the dominance of the sympathetic division of the hypothalamus , the opposite changes occur .
Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus .
Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as , for instance , between reserpine and chlorpromazine .
Important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce depressions , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes .
The emotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic manner ; ;
synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs .
They shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side .
It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle .
A change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or , in special circumstances , to cardiovascular collapse or nausea and vomiting .
Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity .
If , for instance , such a change is produced by one or a few insulin comas or electroshocks , previously inhibited conditioned reactions reappear .
It has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ;
The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion .
Wolpe's experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area .
The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) .
The feeding-pain antagonism seems to be based on this reciprocal relation between the tropho- and ergotropic systems .
Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present , different autonomic-somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety , respectively , as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines , the state of the muscle tone , and the Mecholyl test .
The psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be reflected in , or based on , this marked difference .
The primary decomposition theorem
We can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of T in certain special cases , i.e. , when the minimal polynomial for T factors over the scalar field F into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1 .
this is really a deficiency in the scalar field , namely , that it is not algebraically closed .
This is clearly a deficiency in T .
The second situation is illustrated by the operator T on Af ( F any field ) represented in the standard basis by Af .
One sees that this happens because the null space of Af has dimension 1 only .
On the other hand , the null space of Af and the null space of Af together span V , the former being the subspace spanned by Af and the latter the subspace spanned by Af and Af .
If ( remember this is an assumption ) the minimal polynomial for T decomposes Af where Af are distinct elements of F , then we shall show that the space V is the direct sum of the null spaces of Af .
Theorem 12 .
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F .
Let p be the minimal polynomial for T , Af , where the Af , are distinct irreducible monic polynomials over F and the Af are positive integers .
( C ) if Af is the operator induced on Af by T , then the minimal polynomial for Af is Af .
If the direct-sum decomposition ( A ) is valid , how can we get hold of the projections Af associated with the decomposition ? ?
The projection Af will be the identity on Af and zero on the other Af .
We shall find a polynomial Af such that Af is the identity on Af and is zero on the other Af , and so that Af , etc. .
For each i , let Af .
We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof .
Since Af and P divides Af for Af , we have Af .
Thus the Af are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space V .
It is clear that each vector in the range of Af is in Af for if **ya is in the range of Af , then Af and so Af because Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P .
If Af is the operator induced on Af by T , then evidently Af , because by definition Af is 0 on the subspace Af .
Conversely , let G be any polynomial such that Af .
Thus Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P of T , i.e. , Af divides Af .
Hence the minimal polynomial for Af is Af .
Corollary .
In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first-degree polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each Af is of the form Af .
Now the range of Af is the null space Af of Af .
Let us look at the operator Af .
Let N be a linear operator on the vector space V .
We say that N is nilpotent if there is some positive integer R such that Af .
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F .
Then there is a diagonalizable operator D on V and a nilpotent operator N in V such that ( A ) Af , ( b ) Af .
The diagonalizable operator D and the nilpotent operator N are uniquely determined by ( A ) and ( B ) and each of them is a polynomial in T .
hence they commute with D and with N .
Now we have Af or Af and all four of these operators commute with one another .
Since N and N' are both nilpotent and they commute , the operator Af is nilpotent ; ;
for , using the fact that N and N' commute Af and so when R is sufficiently large every term in this expression for Af will be 0 .
if we take Af above , that will be large enough .
) Now Af is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent .
Such an operator is obviously the zero operator ; ;
for since it is nilpotent , the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form Af for some Af ; ;
These operators D and N are unique and each is a polynomial in T .
It is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter .
We have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear algebra .
In the primary decomposition theorem , it is not necessary that the vector space V be finite dimensional , nor is it necessary for parts ( A ) and ( B ) that P be the minimal polynomial for T .
If T is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and if there is a monic polynomial P such that Af , then parts ( A ) and ( B ) of Theorem 12 are valid for T with the proof which we gave .
Let N be a positive integer and let V be the space of all N times continuously differentiable functions F on the real line which satisfy the differential equation Af where Af are some fixed constants .
If Af denotes the space of N times continuously differentiable functions , then the space V of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of Af .
If we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions , then Af and V are complex vector spaces , and Af may be any complex numbers .
In other words , if F satisfies the differential equation Af , then F is uniquely expressible in the form Af where Af satisfies the differential equation Af .
Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af .
To describe the space of solutions to Af , one must know something about differential equations ; ;
that is , one must know something about D other than the fact that it is a linear operator .
that is , Af , etc. .
Thus Af if and only if Af .
A function G such that Af , i.e. , Af , must be a polynomial function of degree Af or less : Af .
Thus F satisfies Af if and only if F has the form Af .
Accordingly , the ' functions ' Af span the space of solutions of Af .
Inheritance in mice .
In litters of eight mice from similar parents , the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8 .
What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes ? ?
In general , any outcome we choose may be labeled `` success '' .
In the marksmanship example , a trial consists of `` one round shot at a target '' with outcome either one bull's-eye ( success ) or none ( failure ) .
Or , what amounts to the same thing , if one die is tossed three times , each toss is a trial , and the three tosses form the experiment .
Student football managers .
Ten students act as managers for a high-school football team , and of these managers a proportion P are licensed drivers .
1 time ? ?
For the marksman , we study sets of five shots ( Af ) ; ;
for the mice , we restrict attention to litters of eight ( Af ) ; ;
Toss a die until an ace appears .
2 .
`` Success '' and `` failure '' are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general .
These words are more expressive than labels like `` A '' and `` not-A '' .
Sometimes when there are many outcomes for a single trial , we group these outcomes into two classes , as in the example of the die , where we have arbitrarily constructed the classes `` ace '' and `` not-ace '' .
All trials have identical probabilities of success .
During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman , lowering his chance of a bull's-eye .
4 .
Strictly speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials .
Thus in the three-dice example Af , Af , and the independence assumption imply that the probability that the three dice fall ace , not-ace , ace in that order is Af .
We want to know the number of people going to the mountains .
When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent .
Consider couples visiting an art museum .
Each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize .
For example , we are interested in the number of bull's-eyes , not which shots were bull's-eyes .
To summarize :
The outcome of the experiment is X successes .
The random variable X takes the values Af with probabilities Af or , more briefly Af .
We shall find a formula for the probability of exactly X successes for given values of P and N .
The choice of P and N determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when Af ; ;
Binomial distributions were treated by James Bernoulli about 1700 , and for this reason binomial trials are sometimes called Bernoulli trials .
Random variables .
The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable X , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials .
The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here .
Their sum is X , the total number of successes , which in this experiment has the value Af .
Consider a simple , closed , plane curve C which is a real-analytic image of the unit circle , and which is given by Af .
In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares .
A square inscribed in a curve C means a square with its four corner points on the curve , though it may not lie entirely in the interior of C .
The square has one corner point on the straight line segment , and does not lie entirely in the interior .
As S increases we consider the two free corner points of the square , Af and Af , adjacent to P and Q respectively .
We now have certain squares with three corners on C .
For any such square the middle corner of these will be called the vertex of the square and the corner not on the curve will be called the diagonal point of the square .
To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point , i.e. , the corner on C reached first by proceeding along C from the vertex in the direction of increasing T .
If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex .
We note that two such curves C and Af , cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points ; ;
With each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter T between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points .
The function f{t} defined in this way is multi-valued .
The graph , as a set , may have a finite number of components .
An ordinary point will be any point of intersection A such that in every neighborhood of A in the C-plane , Af meets both the interior and the exterior of C .
This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the Aj .
In some neighborhood in the f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph , the function f is a single-valued , continuous function .
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood .
We know that in the C-plane both C and Af are analytic .
In the C-plane we construct a set of rectangular Cartesian coordinates u , V with the origin at Q and such that both C and Af have finite slope at Q .
Furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of Q in which the difference function is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval .
Now , to find Af , one needs the intersection of C and Af near Q .
But Af is just the curve Af translated without rotation through a small arc , for Af is always obtained by rotating C through exactly 90-degrees .
We turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph .
The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and Af are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point .
Lemma 2 .
In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued .
There are three possibilities : ( A ) Af remains tangent to C as it is translated ; ;
( C ) Af cuts across C and there are two ordinary intersections for every T in Af .
The same remarks apply to an interval on the other side of Af .
Again , the analyticity of the two curves guarantees that such intervals exist .
First , for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd .
Definition .
The graph of f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval Aj .
Then every component of the graph of F must be defined over a bounded sub-interval .
Now Af and Af must both be tangent points on the T component in the f-plane ; ;
Thus the multiplicity of Af for a given T must be an even number .
We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd .
Lemma 4 .
The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .
Proof .
We define these values as Af , and define g{t} in the same way for each T .
These are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol Af .
Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( A ) It has no complex of invariant lines , and ( B ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 .
No generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible .
On these generators let Af and Af be , respectively , the harmonic conjugates of Af and Af with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets Aj .
The class of the congruence is Af , since an arbitrary plane meets **zg in K points .
The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line .
It is interesting that a 1 : 1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils , so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent .
This curve is of symbol Af since it meets **yl , and hence every line of Af in the Af invariant points on **yl and since it obviously meets every line of Af in a single point .
Now the only way in which all curves of the image family of Af can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of Af which is not a secant but a tangent of **zg , for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency .
Since two curves of symbol Af on Q intersect in Af points , it follows that there are Af lines of Af which are tangent to Aj .
Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T .
A line through two of these points , Af and Af , will be transformed into the entire bilinear congruence having the tangents to **zg at Af and Af as directrices .
Moreover , C' obviously meets any line Af in a single point .
Hence C' is a Af curve on Q .
Therefore , the congruence of its secants , that is the image of a general plane field of lines , is of order Af and class Af .
2 .
To do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point P meets its image at P .
On C there is a Af correspondence in which the Af points cut from C by a general line , l , of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of L and the plane of the pencil .
However , since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only Af singular lines .
In each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant .
In the second , the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex , P , to the two intersections of **zg and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant .
Hence **zg must have either a regulus of Af-fold secants or a regulus of Af-fold secants .
But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a Af or a Af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface .
We now observe that the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric is impossible if the complex of singular lines consists exclusively of the lines which meet Aj .
This contradicts the preceding observations , and so , under the assumption of this paper , we must reject the possibility that **zg is a Af curve on a quadric surface .
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants .
As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum , their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces , the gaps between rulers and subjects , town and country , will widen ; ;
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity .
Nevertheless , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped .
At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts .
It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home .
We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene .
When necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development .
The men in power are committed in principle to modernization , but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically .
Isolated enterprises have been launched , but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern .
The society is likely to be characterized by having a fairly modernized urban sector and a relatively untouched rural sector , with very poor communications between the two .
Progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources , human and material , can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted .
Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective .
In these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals .
The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life .
such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its announcement .
The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them ; ;
We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm .
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected .
Efforts such as the Community Development Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development .
As an isolated policy , land reform is likely to be politically disruptive ; ;
It should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone .
Land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in agriculture .
Lastly , governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead .
But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; ;
On the economic front , the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources .
Several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved .
Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward .
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning .
There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved .
There are also more basic problems .
The capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West .
Particularly when based upon a single dominant party , governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest .
American policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes .
It should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies .
We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable period of time .
Foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at projection .
It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon .
It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark .
Some of the major functions of religion
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it .
If the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;
Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence .
he is a coordinate part of all of the mysterious energy and being and movement .
A number of religions also satisfy for many the need of being linked with the ultimate and eternal .
man has a second chance .
he has endless being .
Religion can summate , epitomize , relate , and conserve all the highest ideals and values -- ethical , aesthetic , and religious -- of man formed in his culture .
The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ;
life leads somewhere .
Religion at its best is out in front , ever beckoning and leading on , and , as Lippman put it , `` mobilizing all man's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance '' .
He has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance and anomie .
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger .
The tensions accompanying a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession , repentance , and penance .
The feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious Father-God , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies .
In providing for these inner individual functions , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution .
The two have never been separable .
Religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation .
The value-system of a community or society is always correlated with , and to a degree dependent upon , a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions .
Even in the United States , with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation , there is a general consensus regarding the basic Christian values .
Furthermore , religion tends to integrate the whole range of values from the highest or ultimate values of God to the intermediary and subordinate values ; ;
for example , those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends .
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering .
Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends .
Finally , it gives meaning to much social endeavor , and logic , consistency , and meaning to life .
In general , there is no society so secularized as to be completely without religiously inspired transcendental ends .
Religion integrates and unifies .
These groups have varied widely from mere families , primitive , totemic groups , and small modern cults and sects , to the memberships of great denominations , and great , widely dispersed world religions .
Without a system of values there can be no society .
Where such a value system prevails , it always unifies all who possess it ; ;
The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what Durkheim calls a credo .
As he points out , a religious group cannot exist without a collective credo , and the more extensive the credo , the more unified and strong is the group .
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine , the firmer the group .
The religious symbolism , and especially the closely related rites and worship forms , constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith .
These are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized , standardized , and ordered religiously sanctified behavior .
His view is that every religion pertains to a community , and , conversely , every community is in one aspect a religious unit .
This is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occasions in the United States ; ;
As such it acts as an anchor for the people .
Historically , religion has also functioned as a tremendous engine of vindication , enforcement , sanction , and perpetuation of various other institutions .
Much of the important individual and social action has been owing to religious incentives .
Much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion .
and in modern societies such influence is still great .
Religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now .
The result , dramatically visible in a matter of days in the family's disrupted daily functioning , was a phobic-like fear that some terrible harm would befall the second twin , whose birth had not been anticipated .
Mrs. B. compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight , as well as her subsequent anger at her father for remarrying .
Her previous traumatic experiences flashed through her mind as if they had happened yesterday .
Direct confrontation and acceptance of Mrs. B.'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated her fears of annihilation .
The father , accurately perceiving the child's needs , not only respected them as worthy of his attention , but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins , saying , `` I have a big lap ; ;
Follow-up visits of the nurse and social worker indicated continued success in the care of the new babies as well as a marked improvement in the family's day-to-day mental health and social functioning .
The lack of awareness usually springs from deep but disguised anxiety , often assuming the superficial guise of `` not knowing '' or `` not caring '' .
In general , the approach is more active than passive , more out-reaching than reflective .
Thus , the client receives enough ego support to engage in constructive efforts on his own behalf .
In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance .
Over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution .
Then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and group office interviews , and appropriate telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention .
At certain critical stages , and only for sound diagnostic reasons , it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating .
Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities .
Having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework , we now address ourselves to our final question : What place should brief , crisis-oriented preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services ? ?
We should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values , locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top , instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum , each important in its own right .
That we are experiencing an upsurge of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature .
Especially noteworthy is Levinger's finding that the length of treatment per se is not a reliable indicator of successful outcome .
According to a number of studies , the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person .
These reports refer to a level of secondary prevention in a child guidance clinic approached by the customary route of voluntary referral by the family or by other professional people .
Similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship , quick appraisal of key issues , and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses .
While there are many different possibilities for the timing of casework intervention , the experiments recently reported from a variety of traditional settings all point up the importance of an immediate response to the client's initial need for help .
Willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening , the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts .
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings .
Woodward , for example , has emphasized the `` need for a broad spectrum of services , including very brief services in connection with critical situations '' .
Probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models .
The relative geographical isolation of the Brandywine population makes for a limited choice in mating .
It would seem necessary that members of this population provide support for one another since it is not provided by the larger society .
The supportive relations can apparently be achieved in geographical and social isolation .
Yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war .
core - marginal marriages still belong in the category of permissive unions ; ;
This would seem to vary from family to family , depending somewhat on the core or marginal `` status '' of that family .
Interviews with members of the Brandywine population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population .
Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process .
Despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages , the population has been able to sustain , at least to some degree , the consciousness of its intermediate status in society .
To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinschaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or caste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' .
The adherence of many in the population to the Indian background in their pedigree , and emphasis upon the fact that their ancestors had never been slaves , becomes of prime interest in determining how far these elements promote the self-image of the intermediate status of the group in society .
Sanctions .
However , because of Church laws , lately more stringently enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously , a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions .
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship .
The comprehensive or master processes activate all or some of the elements within the social system and subsystems .
Subgroups of various types , interconnected by relational norms .
2 .
Cultural values .
In the study of marriage patterns for this group , consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which , in turn , maintains the system of consanguinity .
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system .
There seems to be an implied cultural value attached to the fact of core status within the group .
By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates , inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained .
As mentioned above , where families are concentrated in larger numbers , group controls seem strongest and most effective .
The problem of solidarity and morale again involves the concept of values .
It is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation .
Communication
2 .
Systemic linkage
5 .
Communication .
Intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community , as in the case of this population .
This conclusion is , however , an over-simplification .
A more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that Brandywine people in the urban-fringe area are , in general , less segregated locally than group members in rural areas .
In the urban area , in other words , they , unlike some urban ethnic groups , do not concentrate in ghetto colonies .
Group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent , and deviant behavior in mate selection incurs few if any social sanctions .
Socialization .
Confused and divided though this tradition may be , it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group , and acts as a means of socialization , particularly for members of the rural community .
The fact of Indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions made by members of the group .
Boundary maintenance .
`` Culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group '' is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization .
The process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems , and the characteristic interaction is maintained .
The fertility rate pattern would seem to be a function , though a latent one , of the process of maintaining the boundary .
`` Increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern .
'' The external pattern or external system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment .
'' Boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social , as is the preference for endogamy .
By their pattern of endogamy and exogamy , the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they maintain .
Systemic linkage .
Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit .
A royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms .
A unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time .
The district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics .
The cards , filed by circonscription ( sub-chiefdom , or village ) , are kept in the headquarters of each territoire ( chiefdom ) .
Each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ) , spouses , and children .
Additional entries must be made from time to time .
Different cards are used for males and females , and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults , and of children when they reach puberty .
So a quick count could be made at any time , even by an illiterate clerk , of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes .
The registration card of a person leaving his home territory for a short period is put into a special file for absent persons .
The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts , including birth and death rates , general fertility rates , distributions by marital status , fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households , infant mortality , and migration .
Averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population .
The scheme , in theory , is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life .
The distinction between domiciled ( de jure ) and present ( de facto ) population was not clearly defined .
So the results are subject to considerable confusion .
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951 .
In spite of the defects in this system , the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity .
Here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods .
This agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville .
Each year from 1941 on , its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and , as its primary objective , the incidence of major diseases .
These studies vary widely in scope and precision .
A massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by J. J. Maquet , former Director of the Social Science branch of IRSAC , now a professor at l'Universite Officielle Du Congo Belge et Du Ruanda-Urundi .
The 1952 demographic inquiry in Ruanda-Urundi was directed by V. Neesen , a member of the IRSAC staff , though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of AIMO , which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory .
The term enquetes demographiques , previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses , was used for the new investigations .
However , the differences in procedure are fundamental .
The populations of the various districts , or other major divisions , were stratified by type of community ( rural , urban , mixed ) and , where appropriate , by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy .
( 3 ) size of the sample .
Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions .
Higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas .
About 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation , as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries .
Data were obtained , separately , on three classes of persons : ( A ) residents , present ; ;
It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future ) .
Furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction .
The first sampling census in the Congo extended over a three-year period , 1955 - 57 ; ;
It is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960 , so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously .
but they all hastened to add that certainly less time was needed on it than presently spent .
This comment and others similar to it , would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo .
Thus , the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married -- that is , prerequisite : `` marriage '' .
This did not mean that married students could not enroll in other `` mixed '' sections , and some of them , largely because of scheduling difficulties , did .
But only those already married could enroll in this one section .
( 1 ) The regular sections do not allow freshmen ; ;
This action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores .
Besides , auditors do not count on faculty load with the same weight as regularly enrolled students .
But in this one section we welcomed auditors .
Why ? ?
For no particular reason , other than that the writer felt it might -- just might -- encourage both mates to be in attendance .
Many of the men on our campus have a pretty set curriculum , especially in the various engineering fields , with few electives till the senior year .
Incidentally , it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began increasing in numbers each week , until at last it swelled to such proportions that this `` free '' auditing policy had to be retracted .
This experimental class represented quite a variety of students .
It ranged from a freshman woman , just married , through the various academic growth stages , including one senior-graduate student , to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended .
It ranged from two women members who had experienced premarital pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seemingly unable to conceive .
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children , and so on .
But few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of interpersonal relationships is different in marriage than in a pre-marital situation .
The writer began this special class by explaining his background thinking for creating such a section in the first place .
This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children .
But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible .
The writer , being cognizant through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students , did insist on there being included some `` hindsight '' material .
Or `` How do we enrich our already fine marriage '' ? ?
Thus the films seen as they came in ( coordinated for the regular sections ) , were often out of context .
Though it did not become known to the writer for some time , a nucleus group had sprung up within the class .
They began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class .
In fact , they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown .
Supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections , the major difference being that there was a noticeably deeper level in the reported outside reading by the married group .
In addition to the noticeable difference in outside articles , there was a considerable difference in the outside books they read .
Since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment , nor , as a matter of fact , in those who were continuing in `` single sections '' , he can only conclude that there must have been something `` contagious '' within the specific group which caused this to occur .
( 1 ) A great deal of time was spent on processes for solving marital differences .
This was not a search for a `` magic formula '' , but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage .
Not until the group was satisfied in this area were they willing to venture further to ( 2 ) , Specific adjustment areas , such as sex , in-laws , religion , finance , and so on .
As an example of this last facet , there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement .
Quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home .
These were often carefully written out with a great deal of thought behind them .
He felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm , as a criterion , is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think .
This was probably much more meaningful because all the women in the class emphasized it time and again .
On the other hand , the women class members appeared to reach a far greater understanding than have women members in other sections that it is more natural for males as a group to view sex as sex rather than always associating it with love as most women seem to do .
In fact , we had one birth before the end of the course , and another student had to take the final examiantion a week early , just to be on the safe side .
Thus it is reasonable to believe that there is a significant difference between the two groups in their performance on this task after a brief `` structuring '' experience .
It was predicted that Kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal , concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure `` looked like '' as reflecting their hesitancy about taking chances .
It was predicted that those who shifted in their Kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor I which the investigators refer to as the `` Inferiority '' factor .
Discussion
individual differences
There were 24% ( 10 subjects ) who shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the Kohnstamm-positive reaction .
Five subjects ( 12% ) did not change until they had been told that some people have something happen to their arm , what that something was , and also were given a demonstration .
Four subjects ( 10% ) did not change even then but needed the additional information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal reflex reaction which some people showed while others did not .
At no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant .
The subjects were only given information about other possibilities of `` normal '' reaction .
Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion .
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it .
These subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried .
The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ) .
Moreover , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the Kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the Kohnstamm situation .
They continued to give an arm-elevation .
While they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had , they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had .
A more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax , since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as `` normal '' .
The naive state , Condition 1 , , could therefore be viewed as an inhibiting one for 24% of the subjects in this study .
Instructions to relax , i.e. , to be `` spontaneous '' , and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have , was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given .
This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober .
After two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely .
There was evident delight on the part of the subject in response to her experience of the freedom of movement .
She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls .
These suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had .
They explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors .
Some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors -- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily .
One subject spontaneously asked ( after her arm had finally risen ) , `` Do you suppose I was unconsciously keeping it down before '' ? ?
When informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up , she commented , `` I don't see how they can prevent it '' .
In contrast to this voluntary-control explanation for nonreactivity given by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects , the Kohnstamm-negative subjects offered an involuntary-control hypothesis to explain nonreactivity .
They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .
She then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control .
It is our hypothesis that Kohnstamm-positive subjects are less hesitant about relinquishing control than are Kohnstamm-negative subjects ; ;
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors .
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world .
The change in perceptions by some of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects , after they had been informed of the possibilities of normal reactions , suggests that their constriction and guardedness is associated with their general mode of responding to strange or unknown situations .
They were able to experience at first , in terms of past conventionality .
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as `` threatening '' until they are tested and proved otherwise .
Control of socioeconomic status
The structured schools were in an industrial city , with three-family tenement houses typical of the residential areas , but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes .
Equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle class neighborhoods .
Therefore , third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study .
The subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution , one-third as underachievers , one-third medium , and one-third over-achievers .
Over-achievers were at least one standard deviation above the regression line in their school system .
Eight classrooms in three structured schools furnished 72 cases , 36 boys and 36 girls .
Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools .
Rating scale of compulsivity
An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared , and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home .
The interviewers were instructed not to suggest answers and , as much as possible , to record the parents' actual words as they described the child's behavior in home situations .
Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms .
For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She's naturally quite neat about things , but it doesn't bother her at all if her room gets messy .
Measurement of anxiety
Castaneda , et al revised the Taylor Anxiety Scale for use with children .
The Taylor Scale was adapted from the Minnesota Multiphastic Personality Inventory , with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety .
There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees .
Although the Taylor Scale was designed as a group testing device , in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items .
therefore , we have measured two different characteristics .
The issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivity will be taken up later .
In establishing criterion measurements , it was therefore thought best to broaden the scope beyond the reading act itself .
The predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement .
All of these sub-tests involve reading except Arithmetic Computation .
Scores are stated in grade-equivalents on a national norm .
The battery median grade-equivalent was used in data analysis in this study .
therefore , in the investigation of the present hypothesis , it was necessary to control this factor .
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement .
For example , on the basis of the regression equation , a child with an I.Q. of 120 in this sample would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 4.8 ( grade equivalent ) .
test of interaction of compulsivity and teaching methods
Figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically .
It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools , the high compulsive children do better ( Af ) .
No significant difference was found in achievement between high and low compulsive children within the unstructured school .
The hypothesis of there being an interaction between compulsivity and teaching method was supported , in this case , at the level .
Possibly their compulsivity was not strong enough to cause them to build their own structure .
When helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation , then , and only then , does such a child attain unusual success .
Test of interaction of anxiety and teaching methods
The statistical analyses of achievement in relation to anxiety and teaching methods and the interactions of the two are presented in Tables 3 and 4 .
While high anxiety children achieve significantly less well ( Af ) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children , they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom .
The most striking aspect of the interaction demonstrated is the marked decrement in performance suffered by the highly anxious children in unstructured schools .
The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem .
Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced .
But the symbols he is asked to learn are simple .
Success reduces the prospect of threat and his powers of discrimination are improved .
Sarason et al present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the test-like situation , and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher .
Although the present study was not a direct replication of their investigations , the results do not confirm their conclusion .
Observers , in the two school systems studied here , judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding , while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting .
Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts .
For example : a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying .
One should keep in mind that many of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas .
Roleplaying was offered as a solution -- and the procedure worked as follows : all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room , where the president explained the difficulty he had , and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out .
In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires , checking their references , interviewing them , asking them to be tried out , he told them he would prefer to test them .
In the testing room he was to make , successively , three presentations to three different people .
Each was told to purchase material if he felt like it .
The antagonists came in , one at a time , and did not see or hear the other presentations .
After each presentation , the antagonist wrote his judgment of the salesmen ; ;
and so did the observers consisting of the president , three of his salesmen and a psychologist .
This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months .
The batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three .
Another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work .
The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions .
At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes .
She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day .
The engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm , was well trained , was considered a hard worker , was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a `` comer '' .
However , he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position .
He seemed to antagonize everyone .
Despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him .
At the insistence of his own supervisor -- the president of the firm -- he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders .
He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low -- the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness .
We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment .
We may say that his attitude was foolish , since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills ; ;
Another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis , and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis .
In a course for supermarket operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time .
On playing some typical situations before a jury of his peers he showed some characteristics rated as unsatisfactory .
He was criticized for his curtness and abruptness -- and he answered : `` I am not working to become popular '' .
However , in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways .
The necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the validity of the criticisms .
Eighteen errors were located , and then the director asked each individual to vote whether or not they felt that this manager had made the particular errors .
and `` cannot say '' if they were not certain .
The manager sat behind the group so he could see and count the hands that went up , and the director wrote the numbers on the blackboard .
No comments were made during the voting .
The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared .
To prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions , they were rather lengthy ( about twenty minutes ) , the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect , new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly , and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized .
After every session , the check marks were totaled up and graphed , and in this way the supervisor's progress was charted .
In life we learn to play our roles and we `` freeze '' into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do .
We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves .
To practice new procedures under guided supervision and with constant feedback is the fourth step .
Observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior , and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion .
While roleplaying for testing is not too well understood at the present time , it represents one of the major uses of this procedure .
Chapter 10 , spontaneity training
In addition , the basic approach utilized in applying roleplaying will be reviewed .
The reasons for extracting this particular roleplaying application from the previous discussion of training are twofold .
It is not easy for the therapist to discern when , in the patient's communicating , an introject has appeared and is holding sway .
One learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone -- to his voice's suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one , a quality which sounds somehow artificial or , in some instances , parrot-like .
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him .
Eventually such incidents became more sporadic , and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior , and in one particular session , after several minutes of such behavior -- which , as usual , went on without any accompanying words from her -- she asked , eagerly , `` Did you see Granny '' ? ?
Then I realized that she had been deliberately showing me , this time , what Granny was like ; ;
and when I replied in this spirit , she corroborated my hunch .
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! !
She looked confused at this , and I felt sure it had been a wrong response for me to make .
A somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine , who used to often seclude herself in her room , often sounded through the closed door -- as I would find on passing by , between our sessions -- for all the world like two persons , a scolding mother and a defensive child .
For example , one hebephrenic man used to annoy me , month after month , by saying , whenever I got up to leave and made my fairly steoreotyped comment that I would be seeing him on the following day , or whenever , `` You're welcome '' , in a notably condescending fashion -- as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him , and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful , `` thank you '' to him at the end of each session .
Another patient , a paranoid woman , for many months infuriated not only me but the ward-personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building , as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met .
This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair -- in short , behaving as if I owned her room .
4 .
Condensation .
One finds , for example , that a terse and stereotyped verbal expression , seeming at first to be a mere hollow convention , reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings , and the most unconventional of meanings .
More than anything , it is the therapist's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed , something like a spread-out deck of cards , on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together .
probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months .
Or an `` I want to go home '' , or whatever -- but a nonverbal one which reveals itself , gradually , as the condensed expression of more than one latent meaning .
, the patient replied , `` Both , Dearie -- two in one '' .
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ;
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .
As I have been intimating , in the schizophrenic -- and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic ; ;
Freeman , Cameron and McGhie , in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects contained therein in itself is the prototypical condensation '' .
Thus he may be referring to some concrete thing , or incident , in his immediate environment by some symbolic-sounding , hyperbolic reference to transcendental events on the global scene .
Recently , for example , a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing , in the session , about the intrusive curiosity which has become , in her opinion , a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture , developed itself , before the end of the session , into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast , as indeed I was .
Of such hidden meanings the patient himself is , more often than not , entirely unaware .
A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; ;
A significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized , especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian .
But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ;
occurrence -- an instance of a form in text .
We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text .
A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form ; ;
Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction .
The dictionary is a form dictionary , at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries .
Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms .
A more detailed description of dictionary operations -- text lookup and dictionary modification -- gives a clearer picture .
Text lookup , as we will describe it , consists of three steps .
cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms .
When an occurrence Af is isolated during text reading , a random memory address Af , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of Af .
If cell Af has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of Af .
The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region , beginning in cell Af .
Text reading continues with the next occurrence .
When this situation exists , the address Af will equal Af which was produced from Af .
If Af was assigned as the information cell for Af , the routine can detect that Af is identical to Af by comparing Af with the form stored at location Af .
When , as in this case , the two forms match , the address Af is saved to represent the occurrence Af .
The formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form .
Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form .
similarly , as many cells are added as are required .
Each information cell in the chain contains the address of the Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored .
Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list .
Each time a dictionary form matches a text form , the information cell of the matching text form is saved .
The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved .
The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time .
If cell Af is not an information cell we conclude that the i-th dictionary form is not in the text list .
These two steps essentially complete the lookup operation .
Only the assignment of the information cells is important .
The grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis .
The grammatical descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file .
The only requirements on dictionary information made by the text-lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text-form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms .
( Here an entry is a form plus the information that pertains to it .
)
Two very useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form .
The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage .
Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .
If all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary , a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible .
For example , the inflected forms of a word can be represented , insofar as regular inflection allows , by a stem and a set of endings to be attached .
Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased .
In sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here .
Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last .
But the parallel is significant .
Is Bill's broken a chair , dominant stress will usually be on the complement a chair .
but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence .
in one thing I know it will usually be on the predicator know .
In small-town people are very friendly dominant stress will generally be on the complement very friendly ; ;
in the double sentence the smaller the town , the friendlier the people it will generally be on the subjects the town and the people .
in who's a linguist ? it will generally be on the complement a linguist .
If the answer to what was that noise ? ?
Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress .
When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? ?
What is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not .
Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows .
The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context .
the personal pronoun has dominant stress because `` he '' has not been mentioned previously .
But when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious , there is normally only light stress or no stress at all .
Thus the unstressed it of it rarely snows here gets its significance from its use with snows : nothing can snow snow but `` it '' .
If women replaced people , it would normally have dominant stress .
If work is substituted for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress .
In I know one thing dominant stress is likely to go to one rather than to semantically pale thing .
Dominant stress on pretty would be almost insulting here .
Where there is comparison or contrast , dominant stresses normally operate to center attention .
Thus in his friends are stranger than his sisters' strong stresses are normal for his and sisters' , but in his friends are stranger than his sisters strong stresses are normal for friends and sisters .
The desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of Chinese and Japanese .
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship .
Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts .
Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger .
Here again , in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using underlining or italics , but much of the time there is simply reliance on his understanding in the light of context .
The stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong .
In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed .
It has strong stress ; ;
But when to represents to consciousness in that was the moment that I came to , and similarly in that was the moment I came to , there is much stronger stress on to .
In to tell him , of course , to is normally unstressed .
When I have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions that I am to leave this place , dominant stress is ordinarily on leave .
but if drinking is a gerundial noun modifying water and without drinking water is equivalent to without water for drinking , there will be stronger stress on drinking than on water .
But the use of stress in comparison and contrast , for example , can undermine distinctions such as these .
In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second .
Syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties .
Sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear .
When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables .
Improvement , however , is urgent , and at least three things will be needed .
The first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses .
Even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details .
An advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems , including some of the more unusual types .
Papers like these four , if widely read , will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work .
The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment .
Analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple .
Actually , none of these papers says much directly about field techniques .
The third need is for better theory .
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
Actual practice does not often work out this way .
Tone systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest , and often analytically more difficult than much larger consonantal systems .
Welmers has suggested one explanation .
However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded .
Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way ; ;
for example , duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation .
But no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages .
In many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation .
A third explanation is suggested by Richardson's analysis of Sukuma tone .
While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success .
In the `` typical tone language '' , tonal morphophonemics is of the same order of complexity as consonantal morphophonemics .
The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different .
Consonantal systems are not merely larger , they are multidimensional .
Phonemes connected by a morphophonemic rule commonly show a good bit of phonetic similarity , possible because of the several dimensions of contrast in the system .
The possibilities are few , and the total number of rules may be considerably greater .
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly .
And the more complex the morphophonemic system is in relation to the phonemic base , the less easily a phonemic system will be analysed without close attention to the morphophonemics -- at least , the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to grammatically meaningful structures .
The design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves .
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance .
This seems naive .
The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages .
Many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent .
Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance .
A. E. Sharp , in Vowel-Length And Syllabicity In Kikuyu , examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail .
His objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a Kikuyu orthography '' ( 59 ) .
In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult .
His orthographic recommendations are no simplistic acceptance of phonemics on the one hand or of superficiality on the other .
He concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes .
We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis .
One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : Vowel Harmony In Igbo , by J. Carnochan .
This restates the already widely known facts in terms of prosodies .
As a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo .
On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter .
There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto-Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto-Yokuts .
or both .
and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 .
The groups are therefore really non-comparable in content as well as in size .
It will be seen that where the scope is similar , the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower .
More word class ratios determined in more languages will no doubt ultimately answer the question .
Af ; ;
and Af stems .
While the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in Athabascan .
This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : Af ; ;
If it were wholly random and unrelated , it would be 2.0 , assuming the five classes were equal in n , which approximately they are .
6 .
121 - 137 ) .
but , second , `` that the semantic groups are surprisingly unvarying in their average persistence '' ( as between M-K and I-E ) .
stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57% .
But consideration of the frequency of stems per constant meaning seems to be established as having significance in comparative situations with diachronic and classificatory relevance ; ;
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for Af ; ;
or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined N of stems Af was Af .
These findings , and others which will in time be developed , will affect the method of glottochronological inquiry .
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? ?
Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller .
It is the urge to obtain a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible .
It is the hope of attaining a list of items of universal occurrence .
But it is becoming increasingly evident that such a hope is a snare .
but the nearer it comes to attaining universality , the less significant will it be linguistically .
Its terms will tend to be labile or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly .
The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison .
In proportion as meanings are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive .
An elephant or a fox or a swan or a cocopalm or a banana possess in unusually high degree this quality of obvious , common-sense , indubitable identity , as do an eye or tooth or nail .
And he has proclaimed greater or less affiliation between all Western hemisphere languages .
But the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in his inferences .
That is his privilege .
But there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics : the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as well as their more remote and elusive external links ; ;
8 .
I would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved .
An attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected .
It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies , and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other .
5 .
frontiers .
The long delay in opening the Second Front was now working to Russia's advantage .
The West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line , which was substantially Russia's 1941 border , as the boundary between Russia and Poland .
When this proposal was made , Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference .
The bitter memory of Russia's exclusion from the Paris Peace Conference and of the West's effort to stamp out Bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him .
`` You would drive us into shame '' , he declared .
The White Russians and the Ukrainians would say that Stalin and Molotov were far less reliable defenders of Russia than Curzon and Clemenceau .
Yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions .
Stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer , `` although it costs us blood '' , in order to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans .
He would tell the Poles , he said , that they had been `` given a fine place to live in , more than three hundred miles each way '' .
The moving of millions of the German master-race , from the very heart of Junkerdom , to make room for the Polish Slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic operation , but there was little doubt that it was historically justified .
At Yalta the West still believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit , in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies .
Believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions , it was important to both Roosevelt and Churchill that the Poles should have them .
The result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be `` reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad '' , and pledged to hold `` free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot '' .
Twice in the last thirty years our enemies , the Germans , have passed through this corridor .
It is in Russia's interest that Poland should be strong and powerful , in a position to shut the door of this corridor by her own force .
Therefore , it is not only a question of honor but of life and death for the Soviet state '' .
Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland .
Liberated Europe
In even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of Eastern Europe , where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the Nazis , even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into Russia as a part of Hitler's armies .
But at Yalta the conflicting expectations of East and West were merged into an agreement by the Big Three to assist all liberated countries in Europe `` to create democratic institutions of their own choice '' .
Also war-time propaganda and cooperation had `` obscured the differences between Russian and Western ideas of democracy '' , and it seemed better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to imperil the military victories over Germany and Japan .
The application of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable .
This illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in The New York Herald Tribune , on March 5 , 1947 , in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate .
In doing so Marshall and Byrnes were `` asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life '' .
Yalta left us with comforting illusions of a Western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme up to the Curzon line and the borders of Bessarabia '' ( Italics added )
This is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion , which applied to other areas than East Europe .
We expected , in short , that most of the world would make itself over in our image and that it would be relatively simple , from such a position , to deal with the localized aberrations of the Soviet Union '' .
Yet actually `` the image corresponded in no way to the actualities of the post-war world .
Neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of East Europe .
Then China promptly went Communist , and Mr. Truman had to fight the interminable Korean war for the democratization of Korea before we learned how far our writ did `` reach in Asia '' .
While the Cold War raged it was easy to blame it all on Yalta .
When the Yalta Papers were finally published with great fanfare they had revealed no betrayal by anyone .
An analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts .
All political interests supported electoral planning , although there are some signs that the inherent uncertainties of a popular judgment led to some procrastination .
However , the regionally differentiated results , which appear below in tables , are interesting evidence of the problems of developing self-government under even the most favorable circumstances .
The electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation , but all vitally interested parties , including the government itself , were busily engaged in determining the party identifications of all successful candidates the month following the elections .
Elections have figured prominently in nearly every government program and official address since independence .
King Muhammad 5 , was known to be most sympathetic to the formation of local self-government and made the first firm promise of elections on May Day , 1957 .
Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewhat ambitious .
From the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in Moroccan politics , precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government .
The Istiqlal was still firmly united in 1957 , but the P.D.I. ( Parti Democratique de l'Independance ) , the most important minor party at the time , objected to the Istiqlal's predominance in the civil service and influence in Radio Maroc .
The day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that `` the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists , lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself '' would be supported by the King himself .
The Ifni crisis in the fall of 1957 postponed further consideration of elections , but French consultants were called in and notices of further investigation appeared from time to time .
In January , 1958 , the Minister of the Interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the King , the rumors of election dates appeared once again , first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer .
In late 1957 the M.P. ( Mouvement Populaire ) appeared and in the spring of 1958 the internal strains of the Istiqlal was revealed when the third Council of Government under Balafrej was formed without support from progressive elements in the party .
Despite the internal and international crises that harassed Morocco the elections remained a central issue .
A titre personnel and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections .
In the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of resolving fundamental , and sometimes bitter , differences among leaders and also as a source of policy guidance .
Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power .
The tendency to treat elections as an instrument of self-interest rather than an instrument of national interest had two important effects on electoral planning in Morocco .
Although the elections were for local officials , it was not necessary to conduct the elections so as to prevent parties from publicly identifying their candidates .
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not only to party bickering , but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections .
Interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections .
As the more conservative group with strong backing from wealthy businessmen , the U.M.C.I.A. was generally favored against the more progressive , labor-based U.N.F.P. .
The local Istiqlal and U.M.C.I.A. offices did not campaign and lost heavily .
The U.N.F.P. learned that its urban organization , which depends heavily on U.M.T. support , was most effective .
The Istiqlal found that the spontaneous solidarity of the independence struggle was not easily transposed to the more concrete , precise problems of internal politics .
Although a somewhat technical subject , it has important political implications as the above discussion of the voting system indicated .
As the background discussion indicated there were frequently expressed doubts that a government dominated by either party could fairly administer elections .
The P.D.I. and later the Popular Movement protected the Istiqlal's `` privileged position '' until the fall of Balafrej , and then the Istiqlal used the same argument , which it had previously ignored , against the pro-U.N.F.P. tendencies of the Ibrahim government .
The bulk of the preparation had , of course , proceeded under the supervision of the Ministry of the Interior , whose officials are barred from party activity and probably generally disinterested in party politics .
Apart from some areas of recurring trouble , like Bani Mellal , where inexperienced officials had been appointed , there is little evidence that local officials intervened in the electoral process .
Since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections , and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the U.N.F.P.
Periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each province made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials .
A goal was fixed , as given in Table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment .
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple .
Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification .
There were liberal provisions for dispensation where documents or records were lacking .
The latest major change in this program was introduced by the National Defense Education Act of 1958 , Title 8 , of which amended the George-Barden Act .
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools .
The initiative , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts .
Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training .
Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments .
Today , Federal funds account for only one-fifth of the nation's expenditures for vocational education .
National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades .
The total cost of the five-year program was $297 million .
For the Smith-Hughes , George-Barden , and National Defense Act of 1958 , the cumulative total of Federal expenditures in 42 years was only about $740 million .
Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions .
Employers prefer to hire youth with such training rather than those without , and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training .
but sometimes arrangements also are made for high school students to attend , and evening extension courses also may be conducted .
By 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states .
Relation to new industry
The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators .
The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled .
Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts .
Local focus of programs
This weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas , for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country .
All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content .
Furthermore , there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys .
This procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment .
There simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable .
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states .
State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities .
Again , one major difficulty is the local focus .
If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond .
Another problem is who will pay for the training .
Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it .
Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it .
State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities .
Such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities .
This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps .
Personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual .
His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training .
After all , too much does not happen too suddenly , nor does very little take long .
The advantages and disadvantages of these two types of charting , bar charting and point and figure charting , remain the subject of fairly good-natured litigation among their respective professional advocates , with both methods enjoying in common , one irrevocable merit .
Of course , many more things are charted besides prices .
But the quest for such an index goes on ceaselessly , with all manner of investors and speculators participating , ranging from the sedate institutional type virtually to the proverbial shoe-string operator , all seeking doggedly , studiously , daily -- and often nightly -- for the enchanting index that will foretell the eternal secret : Which way will the market move -- up or down ? ?
Much of this goes on in offices high up in Wall Street's lofty wind-swept towers .
And along Chicago's West Jackson Boulevard , La Salle Street , and around the Merchandise Mart Plaza there sit men who chart crop reports , who divide the number of reported lady-bugs by the number of reported green-bugs , and the number of hogs by the amount of corn .
The markets are far too subtle , and the last word in these endeavors will doubtless never be written , for the enchanting index is about as nebulous as the fountain of youth .
Or , to use the cynical phraseology of one odd-lot index enthusiast , they represent a sampling of the least sophisticated echelon of traders .
Falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement , for this rank of traders can least afford to lose , virtually anything the odd-lot traders do , marketwise , is taken to exemplify the `` wrong '' thing to do .
Figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers .
The data is now interpreted in conjunction with a price chart , usually of a popular stock average .
Similarly , at the opposite end of the market cycle , towards the end of an intermediate or major decline , usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart , it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood .
While it had long been known in general , that `` the public is always wrong '' , the use of odd-lot indices now puts the adage on a statistical basis .
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg .
Which came first ? ?
Does the `` public '' usually sell at bottoms , or does the market usually bottom out when the `` public '' sells ? ?
And the public minus the `` public '' leaves the so-called `` sophisticated '' element -- the element on the other end of the `` public's '' transactions .
weak hands react .
weak hands ask , What is going on ? ?
When strong hands buy , they are able to buy more , and they do it even in the face of bearish news reports .
They are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought .
But after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ?
How much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few ? ?
It quite often happens that campaigns go askew , resulting in a most unflattering deterioration of strong hands into played-out hands , just as a member of a former campaign's `` public '' may emerge flatteringly `` right '' the next time .
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all .
Mr. John Magee , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying : `` Of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us .
The method would become self-defeating '' .
Thus while his theory or technique may not be oversubscribed , it is commonplace for bullish and bearish positions to become temporarily over-subscribed .
Though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse , the possible conclusions remain but two .
The purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead .
Moreover , the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal , monetary , and other Federal policies which affect interest rates .
Nineteen-sixty has been a baffling year for analysts of general business activity .
During much of the year the general level of business activity has moved along on a record-high plateau , but there have been persistent signs of slack in the economy .
The tendency for general business activity to soften somewhat is becoming more evident .
In earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain .
On the other hand , in a more favorable vein , general business activity should receive some stimulus from rising Federal spending , and the reduction in business inventories has probably run a good part of its course .
The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans .
However , as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great .
It seems likely , moreover , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms .
However , the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle .
Open market policy
One of the most intriguing questions is whether the recent departures of the Federal Reserve authorities from confining their open market operations to Treasury bills will spread into longer-term Government securities in the next few months .
The principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the Federal Reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term Government securities .
By the end of the spring of 1961 , assuming that a general business recovery gets under way , interest rates should begin to edge upward again , depending upon the vigor of the recovery and the determination with which the monetary authorities move to restrain credit availability .
This view is based upon several basic economic forces which I believe will be operating in the Sixties , as follows : ( 1 )
This makes it certain that Federal expenditures for military preparedness and foreign economic aid are likely to rise further in the next several years .
We are just beginning the task of trying to win or maintain the friendship of the new African nations against the ruthless competition of the Communist bloc .
There are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising Federal expenditures , of which I take a dim view , but it seems very likely to occur .
During the Sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations , which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building .
According to the latest projections of the Bureau of the Census , the annual rate of household formations will increase for the next 20 years .
Accordingly , the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the Sixties .
However , the impact of a rising rate of household formation this decade should not be exaggerated .
( 3 )
With the expansion of family formation in the Sixties , a continued substantial rise in expenditures by state and local government units seems to be indicated .
This is an area in which there is still a large backlog of demand .
State and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970 .
( 4 )
This is not to say that the level of consumer expenditures will not continue to rise in the Sixties .
Accordingly , during the Sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the Fifties and , in the process , to require enormous amounts of capital funds .
While there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the United States since World War 2 .
Where the industry's product price has been kept below the `` profit-maximizing '' and `` entry-limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands .
In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .
Part 1 , below describes this abstract model by spelling out its assumptions .
Part 4 , is a brief summary .
1 , the assumptions of the model
The industry
)
Industry product price policy
For the industry of this model , the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit-maximizing price ( given the wage rate and the level of GNP ) , and even below the entry-limited price ( but not below average cost ) .
Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate .
The foreign-entry-limit price would be approached more rapidly , since domestic wage-rates do not enter foreign costs directly .
Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure .
The extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of GNP , and the size of the wage increase .
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry .
The industry may deliberately take a strike , not to put pressure on the union , but in order to `` educate '' the government and the customers of the industry .
As a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement .
The simple passage of an additional eleven months' time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable .
Notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an accompanying wage increase .
Similarly , higher levels of GNP do not , in themselves , provide grounds for raising prices , but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase .
Industry costs
The level of this average cost is determined by factor prices , technology , and so forth .
E .
Union policies and collective bargaining issues
The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate .
The union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases , and wage increases to offset cost-of-living increases , but we abstract from these forces here .
Productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public .
For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry .
However , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude .
Thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .
The presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case , on the grounds that it is `` clearly '' not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously .
It is this conclusion that we challenge ; ;
we do so by disproving the presumption on which it is based .
2 , the operation of the model
It is convenient to assume that the union-industry contract is of one year's duration .
In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law .
Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century .
Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere .
A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; ;
more doubtful , but possible , ( with an assist from the North ) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries ; ;
out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa .
This Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19th century scholars .
More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; ;
Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent .
Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' .
Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others .
It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations .
No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; ;
To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy .
National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection .
In the international community this reduced law to Jellinek's auto-limitation .
he made it ; ;
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be .
There was no law , domestic or international , except that willed by , acknowledged by , or consented to by states .
Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence .
Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another .
Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms .
First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England .
The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive .
In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary .
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' .
Law was seen as an emanation of the `` sovereign will '' .
However , the sovereign was not Hobbes' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of Austin .
Man , through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom , was master of his destiny .
The theory did not require , though it unfortunately might acquire , a Hegelian mystique .
Particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society .
that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; ;
that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; ;
Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society .
business organization -- the corporation -- was analyzed in contractual terms ; ;
In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system .
Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws .
States were free to enact , within broad , though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas .
The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations .
Mr. Justice Black was one of the minority that rested on the Article 1 , power .
For almost a hundred years we relied upon state courts ( subject to review by the Supreme Court ) for the protection of most rights arising under national law .
An amendment , presumably designed to deal with the problems of newly freed slaves , became a `` laissez-faire '' limitation upon state economic policy .
Congress reacted with a series of measures modifying in various ways what it had granted in 1875 .
In 1910 it required the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the Supreme Court .
Three years later similar restraints were imposed upon injunctions against collection of state taxes .
This saved for state adjudication , in the first instance , the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious , but other areas remained vulnerable .
Meanwhile , the Supreme Court , like Congress , showed misgivings concerning this aspect of government by injunction .
Reluctant , as usual , to interpret state legislation -- such interpretation can only be a `` forecast rather than a determination '' -- Mr. Justice Frankfurter led a unanimous Court to vacate the injunction .
But they objected vigorously to the proposition that federal courts may refuse to exercise jurisdiction conferred in a valid act of Congress :
`` By one fell swoop the Court now finds that Congress indulged in needless legislation in the acts of 1910 , 1913 , 1925 , 1934 and 1937 .
A most revealing recent case is Textile Workers Union v. Lincoln Mills .
The Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over `` suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce '' .
The Court held that Congress had intended the federal judiciary to `` fashion '' an appropriate law of labor-management contracts .
( 2 ) displacement of state law by federal law in state courts in all actions regarding collective bargaining agreements ; ;
or ( 3 ) exclusion of state court jurisdiction over these matters '' .
) Here again Mr. Justice Frankfurter could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation .
If Congress wants to displace the states from areas which they have customarily occupied , let it do so knowingly and explicitly .
There is a common problem behind most of these federal question and diversity cases .
Congress has not clearly defined the bounds between state and federal court competence .
It has the power to do so but for the most part has left the matter for solution by judges on a case-by-case basis .
The same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA certiorari cases , in the administrative law area , and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review .
Mr. Justice Black no doubt concurs in principle but is more apt to make exceptions to achieve a generous and `` just '' result .
Federal review of state decisions
With few exceptions , Congress has not given federal courts exclusive authority to enforce rights arising under federal law .
To insure uniformity in the meaning of national law , however , state interpretations are subject to Supreme Court review .
Subject to certain constitutional restraints in favor of fair trials , each level of government is free to devise its own judicial procedures .
In an FELA controversy the state court followed established state procedure by construing a vague complaint `` most strongly against '' the complainant .
The result was that the plaintiff's case was dismissed .
Mr. Justice Black led a reversing majority : `` Strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law '' .
If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described .
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by Federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' .
Terminiello v. Chicago involved a conviction for disorderly conduct under a local ordinance .
'' For present purposes it may be assumed that this charge so narrowly limited speech as to violate the federal Constitution .
Though the accused raised many other objections , he did not object on this crucial point at any stage of the proceedings .
or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ;
or requiring a transferor to carry over its method of depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) , but not allowing rapid amortization of emergency facilities transferred in a reorganization ; ;
With respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c) , viewed in historical perspective , suggest a rule requiring survival , whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation .
To this extent some stretching of the literal meaning of the Committee Report seems justified , since the literal meaning conflicts with the clear implication , if not the language , of the statute .
It is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax attributes .
it would certainly violate the intention of Congress as expressed in the Committee Report ; ;
and in at least one instance , involving refund claims , it might be contrary to another provision of the United States Code .
Section 203 of the United States Code voids an assignment of a claim against the Government unless made after it has been allowed , the amount due has been ascertained , and a warrant for its payment has been issued .
Other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors , corporate dissolutions , transfers by descent , or transfers by subrogation .
Although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash , to which section 203 quite clearly applies , the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors .
The transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation .
In substance , said the Court , there was no transfer of equitable title .
Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed .
If the succession is a matter of public record , certificates of the Secretaries of State or other public officials having custody of the documents will suffice ; ;
if the succession is not of record , all documents relating to such succession , properly certified , are required .
A recent Ruling , although rather confusing , cites and follows Rev. Rul. 54-17 .
In a B reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor .
In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step .
As stated in Seaboard and numerous other cases , the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis .
In these circumstances the possibility of multiple or conflicting claims is exceedingly remote .
Furthermore , in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger , to which the statute is clearly inapplicable .
Nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization .
It appears , then , that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c) , a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation .
Section 203 of the United States Code has been interpreted as not applying to claims against the Government transferred in tax-free reorganizations .
The successor corporations have been held entitled to sue on such claims .
Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) .
Other sections of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization .
Section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred , and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee .
Section 169 permits a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period .
Attributes similar to a loss carryover .
For example , suppose another excess profits tax similar to prior laws is enacted , providing for carryover of excess profits credits .
it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax .
Since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954 , one cannot say with certainty what effect the enactment of that section should have .
Actually , there do not presently appear to be items in the statute comparable to a net operating loss carryover .
Probably the primary reason for special treatment of a net operating loss carryover is the unique opportunity it presents for tax avoidance .
A .
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire .
While the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions , it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies .
It is recognized that a mail questionnaire has inherent limitations .
There is the danger that the questions will mean different things to different respondents .
A respondent may want to make alternative answers because he does not know the precise circumstances assumed in the question .
There is also the problem of the respondent's frame of reference .
There is also the question of whether the respondent based his answers on factual information and carefully considered judgment , or whether his answers were casual guesses .
The research team was very mindful of these dangers and limitations of a mail questionnaire .
B .
The questionnaire was designed to elicit three types of information : ( 1 ) the facts regarding certain characteristics of the respondents , including their experience with , and interest in , securing defense business ; ;
Respondents' practices in participating in negotiated bidding for defense purposes ( Part D of the questionnaire ) 5 .
Respondents' preferences regarding the methods of awarding defense contracts ( Part G of the questionnaire )
The questionnaire provided a place for the name of the respondent but stated that identification of the respondent was optional .
It is interesting to note that 75 per cent of those who returned the questionnaire identified themselves .
Several days after the companies had received the questionnaire , members of the research team contacted the presidents of eleven of these companies in person or by phone to discuss any ambiguities or difficulties the addressees might have experienced in completing the questionnaire .
The revised draft was mailed in July , 1960 , to 100 firms throughout the United States .
Twenty-eight returns in all were received .
D .
The firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind .
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study .
These names were secured from member companies by the Association from the forty-four sources listed in Appendix Aj .
The forty-four lists supplied by the AIA member companies were merged and duplicate names were eliminated .
The remaining names were then checked against the Thomas Register list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the AIA lists .
The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs .
If the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified , the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted .
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion .
Mailing the questionnaire
The questionnaires were mailed in Seattle , Washington , and sent by regular mail to addresses in the states of Idaho , Montana , Oregon , and Washington .
Each letter contained a postage-prepaid return envelope by regular mail for addresses in the Pacific Northwest , and by airmail for those outside the Pacific Northwest .
Approximately ten days after the questionnaire was mailed , a follow-up airmail postcard was sent to each of the original names .
The first test mailing ( to 14 companies ) was made in June , 1960 .
The final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in August , 1960 , to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the AIA list and 1,450 from the TR list .
Returns received
They continued to arrive until the end of December , 1960 , by which time a total of 1,343 returns were received representing 26.8 per cent of the 5,014 questionnaires sent out .
G .
All responses , except comments , were numerically coded to permit use of data-processing equipment .
In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .
The cards were then processed using standard IBM punch card equipment , including an IBM 650 computer .
The first step in processing was to analyze the returns from Questions 1 , 2 , and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses , in accordance with the definitions contained in ASPR Section 1-701 .
( see Chapter 2 .
) The results are shown in Table 3 .
It was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in , or wishing to sell to , defense programs .
The contestants in this economic struggle are the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee ( AWOC ) of the AFL-CIO and the agricultural employers of the State .
It is not a pleasant or easy position , but one we have endeavored to maintain .
We have sought to be strictly neutral as between the parties , but at the same time we have been required frequently to rule on specific issues or situations as they arose .
It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' .
Leadership was experienced and skillful , and financial resources were significant .
Regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life .
By the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management .
To date , at least , the strategy of the AWOC has been selective ; ;
But the current issues arose out of the Wagner-Peyser Act concerning referrals to an establishment where a labor dispute exists , and out of Public Law 78 and the Migrant Labor Agreement if Mexican nationals were employed at the ranch .
California has accepted the provisions of that Act ( as have all other States ) by enacting into our Code ( Section 2051 ) a provision that
With respect to labor disputes , the Wagner-Peyser Act states only ,
In analyzing this regulation , let us take the last sentence first .
The packing shed workers go on strike .
There is no dispute involving fieldwork .
Note that it prohibits referrals under either condition ( 1 ) or condition ( 2 ) .
( Incidentally , no Mexican nationals were involved .
The court issued a temporary restraining order , directing us to resume referrals .
It accordingly refused to assume jurisdiction , whereupon the California Superior Court made the restraining order permanent .
Under that order , we have continued referring workers to the ranch .
Legal considerations
It is an accepted juridical principle in California that a Superior Court decision does not constitute a binding legal precedent .
It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary .
Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established .
In that event , we can correctly say that we have received an authoritative interpretation of the matter , and one which we can follow statewide with confidence that the policy will not be overthrown in other Superior Courts .
I believe I am in good company in this view .
The Attorney General of California concurs in this interpretation and has filed an appeal from these decisions to the District Court of Appeal .
The Attorney General of the United States , in considering the power of the Secretary to issue similar regulations under the Wagner-Peyser Act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers , has rendered an opinion sustaining his authority .
There is far too much at stake for all of the parties concerned to leave the matter hanging in midair .
To have applied statewide the decisions of the two cases heard in Superior Court , in my opinion , would have placed us clearly out of compliance with the Wagner-Peyser Act and would have immediately opened the way for the Secretary of Labor , were he so inclined , to notify the Governor of such noncompliance , set a date for hearing , and issue his finding .
He has advised me that the narrower interpretation is the proper one ; ;
9 .
Martin and Stendler present evidence that infants and young children can and do solve many problems at a relatively simple perceptual level simply by combining objects and counting them .
After they have developed concepts , they are free from the necessity of manipulating objects ; ;
they do symbolically what they once had to do concretely .
10 .
that their questions indicate a genuine interest in social processes and events ; ;
and that as they mature their interests and capabilities change and broaden .
However , the teacher who understands the influence of emotions on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence , security , and satisfaction .
2 .
3 .
Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem ; ;
more effective solutions include explanations , the example of another child , or conditioning by associating the feared object , place , or person with something pleasant .
6 .
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar ; ;
as the influence of learning and environment are felt , emotional behavior becomes individualized .
Social characteristics
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels .
the student will certainly want to explore more deeply into the fascinating study of immature individuals , struggling to meet their developmental needs , and at the same time trying to learn the rules of the game in the ever-expanding number of groups in which they hold membership .
During early childhood , children are more interested in the approval of their parents and teachers than they are in the approval of other children ; ;
after they have been in school a few years , their interest in playmates of their own age increases , and their interest in adults decreases ; ;
the child who had once considered it a treat to accompany his parents on picnics and family gatherings now considers it a bore .
In late childhood the influence of the group on the social behavior of the child continues to increase ; ;
2 .
In early childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older , who can do the things he likes to do ; ;
5 .
During late childhood boys like to tease , jostle , and talk smart to girls ; ;
girls , who are more mature than boys , frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age .
they exhibit a keen interest in social , political , and economic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work .
Between the ages of two and four years , negativism or resistance to adult authority is noticeable ; ;
after the fourth year it begins to decline .
The elementary-school child grows gradually in his ability to work in groups .
he wants to be with people , but he hasn't yet learned to cooperate .
Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program .
Indeed , a study of the individual child is an integral part of the work of the elementary-school teacher , rather than merely an additional chore .
Teachers and administrators in many elementary schools have assumed that dividing the pupils in any grade into groups on the basis of test scores solves the problem of meeting the needs of individuals .
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals .
Factors that inhibit learning and lead to maladjustment
They may be related to mental immaturity or lack of aptitude for certain types of school work .
Unwholesome family relations , broken homes , and undesirable community influences may also be contributing factors .
A vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading .
Successful teaching involves getting enough information about each pupil to understand why he behaves as he does in certain situations and how his achievement in school is being influenced by various factors in his environment .
This section deals with some of the sources of information that can be tapped by the classroom teacher ; ;
Chapter 15 provides more detailed information about specific techniques used in evaluating pupil progress .
These records , when systematically maintained , provide much information about the children , which the teacher can use in guidance , instruction , grouping , and reporting to parents .
Each new teacher to whom the pupil goes is expected to study the information in the cumulative record and to bring it up to date .
The Summary Report On Desegregation Progress In Education In The Middle-South Region , 1959 - 1960 '' clearly shows two pieces of information .
The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing ; ;
second , that both actual and pending desegregation is , with few exceptions , the product or result of court order .
The Report together with other information suggests that desegregation in the schools is slow .
The Middle-South Region , as defined by the National Association of Intergroup Relations Officials ( NAIRO ) , consists of the states of Kentucky , Maryland , Tennessee , West Virginia , Delaware , Virginia and the District of Columbia .
but the region also embraces some of the staunchest opposition .
Desegregation has been opposed by massive resistance , interposition , pupil assignment ( with no assignments of Negro children ) , and hate bombings .
Desegregation and court order
First Kentucky .
Elementary school desegregation came to Owen and Union Counties , which already had high school desegregation .
As in Maryland , a District court has approved an official plan of school desegregation in Delaware .
This recapitulation makes it clear that school desegregation continues , including the Old Dominion State , in spite of its stern resistance .
That reference in the Report is `` continuation of the trend toward an all-Negro school system '' , a remark apparently occasioned by the increase of Negro school population from 74.1 per cent to 76.7 per cent .
West of Rock Creek Park is still monolithically white and is in fact increasingly white as a result of Georgetown's conversion-by-renovation housing program .
Nearby Foggy Bottom is ousting Negroes .
All of this must be taken into account before the image of an `` all-Negro '' D.C. public school system is conjured up .
From the Summary Report before us at this Conference , a number of problems are apparent .
They vex us and perplex us but generally do not divide us like the issues which follow the problems .
I believe we all want more schools where white and Negro together can and do attend .
I believe we all want no child denied admission to a school on account of his color .
In general , members of NAIRO would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence zone .
How to achieve this objective is a problem , but we are not divided on what we want .
Second , as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ?
Correlatively , can we reduce the role of the district courts , so that the action is that of the people of the community or other school district and not that of the law court ? ?
Third , how can we insure a systematic and continuing group relations education in the schools ? ?
Again the problem is how to get it done and in what form to offer the group relations education ; ;
Fifth , in the segregated school system or in the all-Negro or all-white schools , how can we encourage better group relations or an improved attitude toward people who do not belong to the group ? ?
Can we help children adjust to `` images of other children '' when the latter are not actually present .
If we have five problems whose solution we seek in relatively united fashion , then there are twice as many issues which , I judge , sharply divide us , intergroup relations practitioners and lay people .
Pupil assignment .
Since on the one hand school desegregation has come in Virginia hand-in-glove with pupil assignment , shall we support the plan ? ?
Teacher assignment in order to desegregate .
In large cities like Baltimore , Louisville , and Washington , D.C. , should school desegregation be extended to all-Negro and all-white schools by assigning white and Negro teachers , respectively ? ?
The earlier part of my statement deals with the court orders that resulted in desegregation .
In each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen .
And I have established that the action of municipal , county , or state school boards or boards of education is small , infinitesimally small in comparison with the number of districts .
Should Congress authorize the Attorney General to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance ? ?
Withholding of funds to schools that deny children on account of race .
This is the Powell Amendment , which in 1957 divided even a `` liberal '' group like the American Veterans Committee ( AVC ) .
Should we support a clause in Federal school construction or school assistance legislation that would deny Federal funds to a school district that denies admission to a child on account of his race ? ?
The Federal funds limitation enlists the support of many , the opposition of quite a few .
Should a political subdivision , state or county or municipality , be required to furnish public education ? ?
Even if we marshal substantial agreement behind mandatory public education , we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation .
Should the requirement , which must therefore be Federal in nature , be legislated by the United States Congress ? ?
Or must it become law by amendment of the United States Constitution ? ?
Issue no. 6 .
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education ? ?
The few cases of clear favoritism along social-class lines are as likely as not to involve representatives of the working class on the school board who favor some such practice as higher wages for janitors rather than pay increases for teachers , and such issues are not issues of educational policy .
In this case it is primarily a matter of conflict of racial groups rather than social-class groups .
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people .
The educational profession
Again , in deciding on the content and method of his teaching , does he favor a curriculum which will make his students stronger competitors in the race for higher economic status , or does he favor a curriculum which strengthens students in other ways ? ?
One upward-mobile teacher may be a hard taskmaster for lower-class pupils because she wants them to develop the attitudes and skills that will enable them to climb , while another upward-mobile teacher may be a very permissive person with lower-class pupils because he knows their disadvantages and deprivations at home , and he hopes to encourage them by friendly treatment .
Their own experience in the social system influences their work and attitudes as teachers .
Teachers who have been upward mobile probably see education as most valuable for their students if it serves students as it has served them ; ;
This does not necessarily mean that such teachers will favor vocational education , as contrasted with liberal education , but they are likely to favor an approach to liberal education which has a maximal vocational-advancement value , as against a kind of `` pure '' liberal education that is not designed to help people get better jobs .
There is no doubt that higher education since World War 2 , has moved away from `` pure '' liberal education toward greater emphasis on technology and specialization .
There are several causes for this , one being rapid economic development with increasing numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training .
But another cause may lie in the experience of so many new postwar faculty members with their own use of education as a means of social advancement .
The `` public interest '' groups
They generally vote so as to serve their own constituency , and if the constituency should be solidly middle class or solidly lower class , they might be expected to vote and work for middle- or for lower-class interests in education .
Another public interest group is the commission of laymen or educators which is appointed to study an educational problem and to make recommendations .
Nevertheless , their conclusions and recommendations cannot please everybody , and they often represent a particular economic or political point of view .
For instance , there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2 .
Both Commissions consisted of upper-middle- and upper-class people , who attempted to act in the public interest .
This Commission recommended against the use of federal government funds for the assistance of private universities and against a broad program of government-supported scholarships .
Which recommended a federal government scholarship program .
Then there are the trustees and officers of the great educational foundations , who inevitably exert an influence on educational decisions by their support or refusal to support various educational programs , experiments , and demonstrations .
Finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the National Association of Parents and Teachers , and the Citizens Committee on Public Schools .
These have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership , with rare exceptions , where working-class parents are active in local P.-T.A. matters .
They are predominantly middle- and upper-class people , and undoubtedly share the values and attitudes of those classes .
But there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social class by the people who have the power to make decisions in education .
In so far as this goal is achieved , the society becomes more fluid , artificial barriers to social mobility are reduced , and people at the lower end of the social hierarchy share more fully in the material and cultural goods of society .
Both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict under present conditions .
The broad expansion of free education results both in raising the average economic and cultural level of the society and in promoting fluidity within the social structure .
Fifty years ago the general raising of the school-leaving age to sixteen was an example of this movement .
The reaffirmation of American faith in the comprehensive high school , as expressed in the Conant study , is another indication of the liveliness of the ideal of maximizing opportunity through the equalizing of educational opportunity .
Meanwhile , the private colleges have increased their tuition rates so much that they have raised an economic barrier which dwarfs their scholarship funds .
The gains in educational opportunity during the past decade have taken place largely in the publicly supported institutions .
Two major types of fully distributed cost analysis
1 .
Despite an ambiguity due to its failure clearly to define `` relative costs '' , the above exposition of fully distributed costing goes about as far as one can go toward expressing the basic philosophy of the practice .
For more explicit expositions , one must distinguish different types of analyses .
In recent years , this burden ( which includes allowances for revenue deficiencies in the passenger business and in less-than-carload freight traffic ! !
Since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates , it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the Interstate Commerce Commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs .
But in any event , full credit should be given to the Cost Section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses : namely , that between a cost allocation designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service ; ;
The single-step type
We turn now to a type of fully distributed cost analysis which , unlike the `` railroad type '' , draws no distinction between cost allocation and cost apportionment : the single-step type .
Instead , all of the total costs are treated as variable costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables .
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .
High-tension industrial power service , for example , would not be charged with any share of the maintenance costs or capital costs of the low-tension distribution lines .
But the major portions of the total costs of a utility business are common or joint to all , or nearly all , classes of customers ; ;
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs that can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates .
The general basis on which these common costs are assigned to differently measured units of service will be illustrated by the following highly simplified problem of an electric-utility cost analysis .
To be sure , the capital investments in ( or , alternatively , the estimated `` fair values '' of ) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes , as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services .
But any resulting excess of revenues received from a given class of service over the operating costs imputed to this class is reported as a `` return '' realized on the capital investment attributed to the same service .
Other services will show different rates of return , some probably much lower and some higher .
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .
That is to say , an allowance for `` cost of capital '' will be assumed to be included directly in the cost apportionment .
In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis , let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant .
Let us also assume the existence of only one class or type of service , all of which is supplied at the same voltage , phase , etc. to residential , commercial , and industrial customers .
This latter assumption will permit us to center attention on the most controversial aspect of modern public utility cost analysis -- the distinction among costs that are functions of outputs of the same service measured along different dimensions .
Since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service , we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple ; ;
indeed , that it would be limited to a finding of the total annual operating and capital costs of the business , followed by a calculation of this total in terms of annual cost per kilowatt-hour of consumption .
If this threefold division of costs were to have its counterpart in the actual rates of charge for service , as it actually does have in some rates , there would result a three-part rate for any one class of service .
But our present interest lies in the measurement of costs of service , and only indirectly in rates that may or may not be designed to cover these costs .
costs actually vary in much more complex ways .
1 .
Like primitive numbers in mathematics , the entire axiological framework is taken to rest upon its operational worth .
This push to confine the study of mass behaviour to the measurements of parameters involved in differential equations has led sociology perilously close to the reduction of the word `` mass '' to mean a small group in which certain relations between all pairs of individuals in such a group can be studied .
For if the small group notion involves the implicit claim that the phenomena of sociological investigations are of atomic or subatomic proportions , the philosopher needs to know the extent to which such entities are valid .
The mere exploration of the unconscious ground of present-day sociology offers a rich vein of philosophical and logical investigation .
( cf. Brodbeck , 1959 : :
)
Merton's functional sociology may have great practical use in the study of different cultures , yet it is perfectly clear , as Nagel ( 1957 : :
247 - 83 ) and Hempel ( 1959 : :
) Functionalism as a sociological credo is , therefore , not a direct consequence of observations , but rather an indirect consequence of philosophical inference and judgment .
shaping the contours of life to fit the needs of legends .
The notion of philosophy as Queen Bee may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences .
( cf. Wetter , 1952 : :
Metaphysics is no longer a direct grappling with nature as it was in antiquity .
It is simply revealing the state to which metaphysical thinking has fallen during this century .
Consider the traditional `` four fields '' of philosophy : logic , ethics , epistemology and esthetics .
What is left to traditional systems of philosophy is , in effect , only the history of these fields prior to their becoming rigorous enough to abide by the canons of scientific method .
In this situation , philosophy has survived by separating itself from metaphysics , by showing the ultimate questions to be the meaningless questions .
The relinquishing by philosophy of pretentious claims to empirical priority gives it an ability to treat problems of meaning and truth which in the past it was unable to examine because of its missionary attitude to knowledge of more humble sorts .
In the new situation , philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same guidance that mathematics offers the physical sciences , a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value .
However , modesty and triviality are different qualities .
Philosophy can prevent the working scientist from becoming slothful and self-content by noting the assumptions and level at which a hypothesis or theory is framed .
135 - 75 .
Bergson and Leroy announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity .
This is simply a confession of intellectual sterility spruced up to look virtuous .
In this , philosophy and science share a common goal .
and philosophy as a guide to possible integration of supposedly disparate sociological investigations .
Specifically , it will be asked whether the `` real '' questions people ask are not the `` ultimate '' questions that social science finds itself impotent in the face of .
What then is the status of such questions as : is society the ground of human existence or a means to an individual goal ? ?
Do societies develop according to cosmic patterns or are they subject only to the free choice of individuals ? ?
It is not that such questions are not asked .
It is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for certainty .
To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself .
Uncertainty overcoming itself is the precondition of the quest for new and more precise information about the world .
Without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths .
A degree of indefiniteness is a salutary condition for the growth of science .
But neither was the statement empirical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard .
To find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically , and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery .
This is the course the positivists took .
Now I do not think their view will do .
But before discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case .
It has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out .
I shall argue that we do mean to do just that .
There is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad .
We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use .
As we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered , we are very likely to say : `` It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so '' .
Consider what follows from the positivist view .
The pain of the rabbit was not itself bad ; ;
nothing evil was happening when that pain was being endured ; ;
badness , in the only sense in which it is involved at all , waited for its appearance till I came and looked and felt .
Are we prepared to say that in that case nothing bad occurred in the sense in which we said it did ? ?
Clearly not .
Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
If so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only .
We are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occurred and before anyone took an attitude toward it .
The first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference .
It removes our present expression and shows that the badness we meant would not be affected by this , whereas on positivist grounds it should be .
It ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would render false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .
Let us suppose that the animal did not in fact fall into the trap and did not suffer at all , but that we mistakenly believe it did , and say as before that its suffering was an evil thing .
The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition .
He holds that goodness and badness lie in feelings of approval or disapproval .
I come now to a third argument , which again is very simple .
When we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing , we presumably make it with some feeling ; ;
But suppose that a week later we revert to the incident in thought and make our statement again .
And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in the first place has faded .
and we are now so fatigued in body and mind that feeling is , as we say , quite dead .
And if we can see that what we meant to say remains the same , while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero , it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express .
I come now to a fourth consideration .
but on the theory before us such a belief would not make sense .
My point is this : whether there is such fitness or not , we all assume that there is , and if we do , we express in moral judgments more than the subjectivists say we do .
Let me illustrate .
Whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today , Dostoevsky's companions were about as grim a lot as can be imagined .
If we were asked why we thought so , we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong , and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting .
Now on the subjectivist view , this answer is ruled out .
But if that is true , why is any attitude more fitting than any other ? ?
Would applause , for example , be fitting if , apart from the applause , there were nothing good to applaud ? ?
Would condemnation be fitting if , independently of the condemnation , there were nothing bad to condemn ? ?
Indeed , we are forced to go much farther .
To greet them with repulsion would turn what before was neutral into something bad ; ;
it would bring goodness into the world .
This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .
( 2 ) Spatiality becomes part of the tactual sensation only by way of visual representations ; ;
that is , there is , in the true sense , only a visual space '' .
The underlying assumption , of course , is that only sight and touch enable us , in any precise and fully dependable way , to locate objects in space beyond us , the other senses being decidedly inferior , if not totally inadequate , in this regard .
It is as follows : `` The usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure , pain , temperature ) , as well as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , feelings in the tendons and joints ) , were , as such , essentially intact , although they seemed , in comparison with normal reactions , to be somewhat diminished over the entire body .
The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' .
The authors insist , however , that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight .
( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; ;
that is , he was unaware what kind of objects they were or what their use was .
or , to put the same thing in physiological terms , that the performance-capacity of the tactual apparatus , from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain , -- that is , from one end to the other -- was unimpaired '' .
If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition .
and , therefore , he could not recognize even long-familiar things upon seeing them again .
Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours .
could piece , as it were , the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be .
This meant , concretely , that the patient could not read at all without making writing-like movements of the head or body , became easily confused by `` hasher marks '' inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters , and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it .
Nor could he call up memory-pictures of close friends or relatives .
He was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed , precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape , already learned and held in visual memory , as persons of normal vision do .
He could not recognize it ; ;
he was absolutely unfamiliar with it because he had no visual memory at all .
Therefore , his only recourse was to learn the shape all over again for each new visual experience of the same individual object or type of object ; ;
and this he could do only by going over its mass with the tracing procedure .
As one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference .
Men , trees , automobiles , houses , and so on -- objects continually confronted in everyday life -- had each its characteristic blot-appearance and became easily recognizable , at the very beginning of tracing , by an inference as to what each was .
Perhaps the very important question -- What is , then , exactly the role of kinesthetic sensations in the patient's ability to recognize forms and shapes by means of the tracing movements when he is actually looking at things ? ?
How , then , do the kinesthetic sensations function in all this ? ?
Quite naturally , they make the investigation , first , by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then , later , by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to .
When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred .
a schematic , abstract treatment of men and animals , by intent , rose only in the late eighth century .
To speak of this underlying view of the world is to embark upon matters of subjective judgment .
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life .
And perhaps an observer of the vases will not go too far in deducing that the outlook of their makers and users was basically stable and secure .
Much which was in embryo in 1000 had become reasonably well developed by 800 .
In this process the Minoan-Mycenaean inheritance had been transmuted or finally rejected ; ;
but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium .
The focus of novelty in this world now lay in the south-eastern districts of the Greek mainland , and by 800 virtually the entire Aegean , always excepting its northern shores , had accepted the Geometric style of pottery .
While Protogeometric vases usually turn up , especially outside Greece proper , together with as many or more examples of local stamp , these `` non-Greek '' patterns had mostly vanished by the later ninth century .
Attica , though important , was not the only teacher of this age .
imitation and borrowing of motifs now become ascertainable .
The potters of the Aegean islands thus stood apart from those of the mainland , and in Greece itself Argive , Corinthian , Attic , Boeotian , and other Geometric sequences have each their own hallmarks .
These local variations were to become ever sharper in the next century and a half .
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages .
On these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be manifested in the remarkably unlimited ken of the Iliad .
Everywhere within the common pattern , however , one finds local diversity ; ;
Further we cannot go , for the Dark ages deserve their name .
What we have seen in this chapter , we have seen only dimly , and yet the results , however general , are worth the search .
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding .
Throughout the Dark ages , it is clear , the Greek world had been developing slowly but consistently .
The pace could now be accelerated , for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground .
the landscape of Greek history broadens widely , and rather abruptly , in the eighth century B.C. , the age of Homer's `` rosy-fingered Dawn '' .
but our evidence grows considerably in variety and shows more unmistakably some of the lines of change .
For this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery remains the most secure source ; ;
the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
objects in gold , ivory , and bronze grow more numerous .
The Dipylon Geometric pottery of Athens and the Iliad are amazing manifestations of the inherent potentialities of Greek civilization ; ;
but both were among the last products of a phase which was ending .
Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution , in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth .
The revolution was well under way before 700 B.C. , and premonitory signs go back virtually across the century .
While many tokens point forward , the main achievements stand as a culmination of the simple patterns of the Dark ages .
The dominant pottery of the century was Geometric ; ;
the gods who protected the Greek countryside were only now putting on their sharply anthropomorphic dress .
The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century .
Many potters clung to the past the more determinedly as they were confronted with radically new ideas ; ;
the poet of the Iliad deliberately archaized .
Although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era , I shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of Greek civilization .
On this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture , architecture , society , and politics ; ;
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself .
We shall not be able entirely to pass over these connections to the East as we consider Ripe Geometric pottery , the epic and the myth , and the religious evolution of early Greece ; ;
the important point , however , is that these magnificent achievements , unlike those of later decades , were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models .
The severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery ; ;
The vases which resulted had different shapes , far more complex decoration , and a larger sense of style .
Beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines .
They had had to work on very simple foundations and had not dared to give rein to impulses .
it was time to take bigger steps , to venture on experiments .
In these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress .
Painters left less and less of a vase in a plain dark color ; ;
instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over patterns into which freehand drawing began to creep .
Though the spread of this type of decoration in the Aegean has not yet been precisely determined , it seems to appear first in the Cyclades , which were among the leading exporters of pottery throughout the century .
As the material at the command of the potters grew and the volume of their production increased , the local variations within a common style became more evident .
Instead , he whirled and ran to his house for a gun , forcing them to kill him , Cook reported .
Both Cook's and Russell's lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion .
General manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away , and try to have a few punished .
While talking with Julian M. Beall , Francisco Archuleta and Juan Marcus appeared , both heavily armed , and after watching the house for a while , rode away .
It was nearly sundown before they finished the business with Beall and began riding down the stream .
They had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a horse-trail across the stream just ahead of them .
Suspecting an ambush , the two deputies decided to ride up a side canyon taking a short cut into Catskill .
They stayed with a rancher Friday night and by eleven o'clock Saturday morning passed the old Garnett Lee ranch .
Half a mile below at the mouth of Salyer's Canyon was an old ranch that the company had purchased from A. J. Armstrong , occupied by a Mexican , his wife , and an old trapper .
As they were riding along this winding road on the bench of land between the two bluffs , a volley of rifle fire suddenly crashed around the two officers .
Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing on through his body .
Dropping to one knee , Cook felled one , and the other struggled off with his comrade , sending no further fire in his direction .
A bullet fired by one of the Mexicans hiding in a little chicken house had passed through his head , tearing a hole two-inches square on the outgoing side .
Finding him dead , Cook caught Russell's horse and rode to the cattle foreman's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins .
Before daylight Sunday morning , a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank MacPherson of Catskill followed the trail to the house of Francisco Chaves , where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered .
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance .
the Mexicans not only refused to give them , but told the possemen if they wanted a fight they could have it .
Since the strength of the Mexicans had been underrated , too small a posse had been collected , and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants , MacPherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw .
The posse's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent .
Increasing threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico .
His friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by ambuscade or he would be compelled to kill them in self-defense , perpetuating the troubles .
The judge became ill just as the Colfax District Court convened , no substitute was brought in , no criminal cases heard , only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried , and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks .
justice delayed ; ;
Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named Asher Jones , the warrant for his arrest had never been served .
On May 19 , a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez .
He was promised that no harm would befall him if he would come out , but he cursed and replied that he would shoot any man coming near the door .
Shot near the heart , he turned to one side and plunged for a door to another room several feet away , three bullets following him .
Not realizing the seriousness of the wound , the besiegers warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him .
Finding it true that he was not inside , the deputies returned to the first house and tore holes through the side and the roof until they could see a body on the bed covered by a blanket .
The sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed , according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr. I. P. George , and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman .
Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach .
The men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to Raton along with three other families desiring to leave .
Thus he wired J. P. Lower and Sons of Denver : `` Have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or shrapnel shot ? ?
If not , how long to order and what is the price '' ? ?
He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup , particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard .
The plant was located west of the Battenkill and south of the location of the former electric light plant .
It has given considerable trouble at times and empties right into the Battenkill .
Fire District No. 1 discussed its possible purchase in 1945 , but considered it an unwise investment .
The final step was a vote for a $230,000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting , later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21 , 1960 .
Manchester's unusual interest in telegraphy has often been attributed to the fact that the Rev. J. D. Wickham , headmaster of Burr and Burton Seminary , was a personal friend and correspondent of the inventor , Samuel F. B. Morse .
A message of less than fifteen words to Bennington cost twenty-five cents .
Orvis even needed to hire an assistant , Clark J. Wait .
The line soon lived up to its name , as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock .
In 1879 the same Clark Wait , with H. H. Holley of South Dorset , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset .
Besides being most convenient , the line `` soon proved a good investment for the owners '' .
the smallest gusts of wind toppled poles , making communications impossible .
By 1883 the `` Battenkill Telegraph Company '' was in existence and Alvin Pettibone was its president .
H. K. Fowler , vice-president and secretary ; ;
About 1888 J. E. McNaughton of Barnumville and E. G. Bacon became proprietors of the `` Green Mountain Telegraph Company '' , connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru , Londonderry , South Londonderry , Lowell Lake , Windham , North Windham , Grafton , Cambridgeport , Saxton's River , and Bellows Falls .
These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments .
New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers .
This boosted local telegraph business and Manchester basked in all the free advertising .
During that tournament alone , some 250,000 words winged their way out of Manchester .
After being located for some years in the Village at the Equinox Pharmacy under the supervision of Mrs. Harry Mercier , it is presently located in the Hill and Dale Shop , Manchester Center .
The first known telephone line in Manchester was established in July 1883 between Burr and Manley's store at Manchester Depot and the Kent and Root Marble Company in South Dorset .
In November 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in Dorset was extended to Manchester Depot .
Eber L. Taylor of Manchester Depot recorded the setting of phone poles in East Dorset and Barnumville in his diary for 1906 .
These must have been for local calls strictly , as in May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from C. B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store .
George Woodcock was manager and troubleshooter ; ;
Elizabeth Way was the first operator ; ;
Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the Manchester Journal .
In 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. Rte. 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center .
Within a month , calls were up seventy per cent .
Yet one has to go back only some sixty years .
No records are available as to the date or extent of installation , but it may have been in 1896 .
This was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service .
This was nearly completed May 23 , 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10 , but the first light did not go on until September 28 .
The officers were John Marsden , president ; ;
John C. Blackmer , vice-president ; ;
George Smith , treasurer ; ;
and William F. Orvis , secretary .
At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity .
The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation .
It overlooks the other fact that it is described as `` Nec minus salutaris quam festivus '' , `` no less salutary than gay '' .
It also overlooks the fact that in a rational lexicon , and quite clearly in More's lexicon , the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolous , and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn .
Secondly , to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars , of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed , of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself .
Indeed , it is even surprising in the Canon of Christ Church and Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History , who fathered this most peculiar view , and in the brilliant Professor of Medieval and Renaissance English at Cambridge , who inherited it and is now its most eminent proponent .
But to return to the main line of our inquiry , it is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr -- indeed , it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr .
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity .
It was not even in writing Latin epigrams , sometimes bawdy ones , or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus's philological study of the New Testament .
More stands on the margins of modernity for one reason alone -- because he wrote Utopia .
Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ?
The medieval was the most important to Chambers because he sought to place Thomas More , the author of Utopia , in some intelligible relation with St. Thomas More , the martyr .
To others whose concern it is to penetrate the significance of Christian Humanism , the Renaissance elements are of primary concern .
we want to know why that book has kept on selling the way it has ; ;
we want to know what is perennially new about Utopia .
What is new about it ? ?
In More's Utopia communism is not a means of separating out a warrior elite from the lumpish mass .
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians .
and it is again and again made clear that Utopian communism provides the institutional array indispensible to that best ordering .
To derive Utopian communism from the Jerusalem Christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors-in-spirit , the monastic communities , is with an appropriate shift of adjectives , misleading in the same way as to derive it from Plato's Republic : in the Republic we have to do with an elite of physical and intellectual athletes , in the apostolic and monastic communities with an elite of spiritual and religious athletes .
And the monastic communities were supposed to be made up of volunteers selected only after a novitiate which would test their religious aptitude for monastic rigors , their spiritual athleticism .
Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian-philosophers of the Middle Ages .
It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned .
When we give the necessities of life to the poor , we restore to them what is already theirs .
Indeed , of all that is his every man is by nature and reason and therefore by conscience obligated to regard himself as a custodian .
He is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or unwisely , entrusted to his keeping .
The Utopians brace conscience with legal sanctions .
Neither from one of these conceptions nor from a combination of them can it be deduced .
It is not merely a new thing ; ;
most of the rest is medieval or humanist or part of an old tradition of social criticism .
But to say that at a moment in history something is new is not necessarily to say that it is modern ; ;
and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of Utopia , when Martin Luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the Divine's encounter with man .
New , indeed , is Luther's perception , but not modern , as anyone knows who has ever tried to make intelligible to modern students what Luther was getting at .
Although Utopian communism is both new in 1516 and also modern , it is not modern communism or even modern socialism , as they exist or have ever existed in theory or in practice .
Consider the features of Utopian communism : generous public provision for the infirm ; ;
Whatever the merits of its intent , Utopian communism is far too naive , far too crude , to suit any modern socialist or communist .
It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details .
What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached Christianity by the way of Stoicism through the Church Fathers of Late Antiquity .
During the Dorr trial the Democratic press condemned the proceedings and heralded Dorr as a martyr to the principles of the Declaration of Independence .
Editor Foss stated , `` Of their guilt there can be no doubt but they are entitled to sufficient time to prepare for trial , and a fair trial '' .
The Providence Daily Journal stated that although the guilt of Brown was evident , the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace .
For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday , December 2 , 1859 .
Although Rhode Islanders were preparing for the state elections , they watched John Brown's trial with extreme interest .
On Wednesday morning , November 2 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however criminal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial .
The editor's main criticism of the trial was the haste with which it was conducted .
The readers of the Providence Daily Post , however , learned that it was generally conceded that `` Old Brown '' had a fair trial .
In the eastern section of the state the newspapers' reaction to Brown's trial and sentence were basically identical .
Despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John Brown , Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections .
There was no doubt as to the control the Republican party exercised throughout the state .
The American Republicans and the Republicans both nominated Lieutenant-Governor Turner for governor .
Elisha R. Potter was the Democratic candidate .
In reference to Brown's raid she wrote , `` though we are non-resistants and religiously believe it better to reform by moral and not by carnal weapons , we know thee was anemated by the most generous and philanthropic motives '' .
`` E. B. '' compared John Brown to Moses in that they were both acting to deliver millions from oppression .
In contrast to `` E. B. '' , most Rhode Islanders hardly thought of John Brown as being another Moses .
On Wednesday evening , November 23 , 1859 , in Warren , Rev. Mark Trafton of New Bedford , gave a `` Mission of Sympathy '' lecture in which he favorably viewed the Harper's Ferry insurrection .
The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Rev. Trafton's remarks were inappropriate and savored strongly of radicalism and fanaticism .
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one '' .
In her letter to John Brown , `` E. B. '' , the Quakeress from Newport , had suggested that the American people owed more honor to John Brown for seeking to free the slaves than they did to George Washington .
During the latter days of November to the day of Brown's execution , it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in `` E. B.'s '' suggestion .
He further called upon the people of Providence to rebuke the meeting and avoid disgrace .
Despite the opposition of the city newspapers , the Pratt Hall meeting `` brought together a very respectable audience , composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery , of many of our colored citizens , and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering '' .
the Reverend Augustus Woodbury , a Unitarian minister ; ;
the Reverend George T. Day , a Free-Will Baptist ; ;
Daniel W. Vaughan , and William H. H. Clements .
Woodbury's remarks were applauded by a portion of the audience several times and once there was hissing .
The fourth and last speaker was Thomas Davis .
By this time large numbers of the audience had left the hall .
At the close of Davis' speech the following preamble and resolutions were read by the president , and on the question of their adoption passed unanimously :
Whereas , John Brown has cheerfully risked his life in endeavoring to deliver those who are denied all rights and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper : Therefore ,
On the morning following the Pratt Hall meeting the editor of the Providence Daily Journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely .
Through 1911 and 1912 , as the Cubist facet-plane's tendency to adhere to the literal surface became harder and harder to deny , the task of keeping the surface at arm's length fell all the more to eye-undeceiving contrivances .
To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; ;
the granular texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas .
In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing .
The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , even while separating , surface and depth .
When we examine what each master says was his first collage we see that much the same thing happens in each .
( It makes no real difference that Braque's collage is on paper and eked out in charcoal , while Picasso's is on canvas and eked out in oil .
Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture .
And the surface is driven back , in its very surfaceness , only by this contrast .
At the same time , the wallpaper strips themselves seem to be pushed into depth by the lines and patches of shading charcoaled upon them , and by their placing in relation to the block capitals ; ;
and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing , and by contrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining .
Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; ;
And the same thing , more or less , can be said of the contents of Picasso's first collage .
In later collages of both masters , a variety of extraneous materials are used , sometimes in the same work , and almost always in conjunction with every other eye-deceiving and eye-undeceiving device they can think of .
Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially .
Flatness may now monopolize everything , but it is a flatness become so ambiguous and expanded as to turn into illusion itself -- at least an optical if not , properly speaking , a pictorial illusion .
Out of this re-created literalness , the Cubist subject reemerged .
In the Analytical phase of their Cubism , Braque and Picasso had not only had to minimize three-dimensionality simply in order to preserve it ; ;
In order to be saved , plasticity had had to be isolated ; ;
Cubism , in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the French , with justice , call `` hermetic '' ) was on the verge of abstract art .
It was then that Picasso and Braque were confronted with a unique dilemma : they had to choose between illusion and representation .
If , on the other hand , they opted for representation , it had to be representation per se -- representation as image pure and simple , without connotations ( at least , without more than schematic ones ) of the three-dimensional space in which the objects represented originally existed .
In the end , Picasso and Braque plumped for the representational , and it would seem they did so deliberately .
Left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ;
Large planes juxtaposed with other large planes tend to assert themselves as independent shapes , and to the extent that they are flat , they also assert themselves as silhouettes ; ;
nor did Synthetic Cubism fully begin there .
Only when the collage had been exhaustively translated into oil , and transformed by this translation , did Cubism become an affair of positive color and flat , interlocking silhouettes whose legibility and placement created allusions to , if not the illusion of , unmistakable three-dimensional identities .
Synthetic Cubism began with Picasso alone , late in 1913 or early in 1914 ; ;
Some time in 1912 , Picasso cut out and folded a piece of paper in the shape of a guitar ; ;
Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the skyscraper .
It is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls `` the highest and best use '' of centrally located urban land .
As it affects the city's fiscal situation , such an interchange is ruinous ; ;
freeways boost valuation less ( because the garages they require are not prime buildings by a long shot ) , and reduce the acreage that can be taxed .
Downtown Los Angeles is already two-thirds freeway , interchange , street , parking lot and garage -- one of those preposterous `` if '' statistics has already come to pass .
The freeway with narrowly spaced interchanges concentrates and mitigates the access problem , but it also acts inevitably as an artificial , isolating boundary .
This movement of industry away from the central cities is not so catastrophically new as some prophets seem to believe .
The big factories which are relatively near the centers of our cities -- the rubber factories in Akron , Chrysler's Detroit plants , U.S. Steel's Pittsburgh works -- often began on these sites at a time when that was the edge of the city , yet close to transport ( river ) , storage ( piers ) and power ( river ) .
The `` leapfrog '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted .
The truck and the car gave the manufacturer a new degree of freedom in selecting his plant site .
Until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes .
Willow Run , General Electric's enormous installations at Louisville and Syracuse , the Pentagon , Boeing in Seattle , Douglas and Lockheed in Los Angeles , the new automobile assembly plants everywhere -- none of these is substantially served by any sort of conventional mass rapid transit .
They are all suburban plants , relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers .
The future could be worse .
Even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt's motel has been relatively painless ; ;
These stores are still there , but the volume of the `` downtown store '' has been on a relative decline , while in many cities the suburban `` branch '' sells more and more dry goods .
If the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank .
In most discussions of this phenomenon , the figures are substantially inflated .
Telephone orders distort the picture : the suburbanite naturally calls a local rather than a central-city number if both are listed in an advertisement , especially if the local call eliminates city sales tax .
The fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are uneconomical , that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown , and that even highly suburbanized cities will support only so many big branches .
When all has been said , however , the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing .
To the extent that the problem is merely parking , an aggressive downtown management , like that of Lazarus Brothers in Columbus , Ohio , can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door .
And if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with `` nice people '' , rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store , the central location may be in serious trouble .
The downtown store continues to offer the great inducement of variety , both within its gates and across the street , where other department stores are immediately convenient for the shopper who wants to see what is available before making up her mind .
Historically in America the appeal of cities has been their color and life , the variety of experience they offered .
Though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief , they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown .
In their book , American Skyline , Christopher Tunnard and Henry Hope Reed argue that Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument , when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote .
The first superhighways -- New York's Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore , San Francisco's Bay Bridge and its approaches , a good slice of the Pennsylvania Turnpike -- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression .
Bankers who had been reluctant to lend without better security than the house itself got that security from the U. S. government ; ;
householders who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term high-interest mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent , under government aegis .
The descent may be remote , but this is surely the only full-scale example of that vigorous inheritance in the United States .
When Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over .
A blank undecorated void , plastered in roughcast , disfigured the wall of the Rotunda until 1951 .
Then , advised by the Architect of the Capitol , the Joint Committee for the Library , traditionally responsible for the works of art in the building , ordered the space cleared and painted in fresco , to show `` the Peace after the Civil War '' , `` the Spanish-American War '' , and `` the Birth of Aviation '' , to match as nearly as feasible Brumidi's technique and composition .
Later the cleaning and restoration were ordered , first of the older part of the frieze , finally of the canopy .
What follows is therefore a description of three separate undertakings , the new frescoing of the gap , and the successive essays in conservation , with some discussion of problems that arose in connection with each .
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part slaked lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers .
One had to manage the given subjects , three diverse recent events , so as to make them part of a classical frieze , -- that is , a pattern of large figures filling the space , with not much else , against a blank background .
Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his .
When it was all arranged to fit , and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze , the cartoons were tried in place .
To be sure of matching color as well as form , pieces of cartoon were traced on the roughcast , and large samples painted in fresco , then left two months to dry out to their final key .
Washed , they came out surprisingly clear and bright .
It could be seen that both artists used a very thick final coat of plaster , one half inch , and that both followed the traditional Italian fresco technique as described by Cennino Cennini in the 14th Century , and current in Italy to this day .
That is , they used opaque color throughout , getting solid highlights with active lime white .
Painting `` a secco '' is much in evidence .
In our own practice , to have the last `` intonaco '' plaster coat thick enough to match , and at the same time to avoid fine cracks in drying , we found that it had to be put on in two layers , letting the first set awhile before applying the second .
The mortar was three parts sand to two of lime .
Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us ; ;
I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting .
As it was , it took the pigment well for six hours , enough for our purpose , and held it firmly in setting .
In older Italian practice , lime , dried and reground `` bianco sangiovanni '' , entered into such prepared shades .
For convenience we chose a stronger pigment , unknown to the early Italians or to Brumidi , titanium oxide , reserving the active lime white for highest lights , put on at the end of the day's stint .
The use of `` secco '' we tried to restrict to covering joints .
We were forced , as they were , to work a good deal of tempera into background and dark areas .
The new part is finished .
On the right is the Brumidi Liberty group , as it looked after cleaning operations , which had not yet come around to the other end ; ;
where , of Costaggini , only some foliage has been washed , at the point where his work stopped .
This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept .
The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903 .
The fixed wooden scaffold was removed , and , so as to reach all the frieze , one of pipe , on wheels , built up from the floor .
On this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor , after a first dusting , we began to wash .
A valve in the handle let us cut the pressure still lower .
One man sprayed , with a sponge in hand to check excess wetting .
A second assistant mopped with two sponges .
No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions .
The painting `` a fresco '' stood up superbly ; ;
Necessary retouching was put on at once .
Altogether we found the craftsmanship first rate , especially Brumidi's .
Apparently not more than dusting had ever been done , and not much of that .
Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches .
It may well be that , when Rudy Pozzatti and I visited your country last spring , you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked .
This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful .
If this attitude is seriously questioned in the Soviet Union , it does not necessarily follow that the majority of the society in which I live is too aware of the necessity for clarity on this ethical as well as aesthetic point of view .
I encountered many questions and great interest upon my return from the Soviet Union about my reactions to that experience .
That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction .
Apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen objectively , or at least dispassionately , to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments .
I cannot be content with the anecdotal small talk of a somewhat unusual travelogue .
the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word `` Revolution '' ; ;
Difficult as it may have been at times , Pozzatti and I saw enough , talked to enough artists , historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear .
they are small in number and their contribution is not immediately decisive in everyday life .
By themselves they may not be able to save the life on this planet , but without them there would be very little left worth saving .
On that cold , but bright , April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for Yuri Gagarin and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin .
If we thus spent our very first day in the midst of a large number of your people honoring a new hero and a great national achievement , our last day , to us at least , was equally impressive and very moving , even though the crowds were absent and there was almost complete silence .
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor .
The grave , about half-way between his home and the blue turrets of a small church , rose above the forms and spaces of gently undisciplined pastures of green , the sounds of birds , the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests .
Just yesterday we had met and talked with a living writer , a contemporary of the dead poet , who is known for his ability of manipulating his ideas and his craft more advantageously .
But today we were aware of only two men .
One had taken a flight into uncharted space , in the service of science , to return as a living hero .
The flowers on his grave attested to the fact that he as well was somebody's hero .
A struggle that is being waged all over the world in the half-light of disinterest .
When I speculated on one such occasion that the new growth , like other mutations , might be unable to propagate , I was immediately accused of preaching racial prejudice .
This kind of reasoning and logic takes a little time to get used to .
A chance remark about Lenin's sealed train brought the rejoinder that this was a myth akin to George Washington's cherry tree .
No wonder that Pozzatti and I had at times difficulty in remembering the real purpose of our presence , namely , Cultural Exchange .
Instead , we became involved in a series of friendly , but overly formal , welcoming addresses to which we had no choice but to reply in kind .
This gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the petulant admonition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction .
.
To save time , some clarification seemed necessary .
`` We have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways .
We are quite convinced that one of the main hopes for the future depends upon the informal contacts and exchanges of ideas between individuals .
We are acutely aware that yours is a society which , in spite of several wars and many privations , has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world .
Your present history is equally admirable for its industrial and scientific achievements .
In stating this position , we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect .
Like yourselves , we have pride and love for our country .
The Sane Society is an ambitious work .
Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern society ? ?
A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' .
Even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important exclusions , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue emphases on trivia , examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence , and the like .
Nor need the critic be captious .
It is a simple matter , for one so disposed , to take a work like The Sane Society and shred it into odds and ends .
The thing can be made to look like the cluttered attic of a large and vigorous family -- a motley jumble of discarded objects , some outworn and some that were never useful , some once whole and bright but now chipped and tarnished , some odd pieces whose history no one remembers , here and there a gem , everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human condition -- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the disorderly history of the makers and users .
That could be easily done , but there is little reason in it .
It would be superfluous to build a critique around them .
There are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization .
It is worthwhile to recall that Fromm's treatment has both descriptive and normative aspects .
Despite its rather long intellectual history , alienation is still a promising hypothesis and not a verified theory .
The idea has received much attention in philosophy , in literature , and in a few works of general social criticism , such as The Sane Society .
How widespread is alienation ? ?
What is its incidence among the various classes and subgroups of the population ? ?
Taking alienation as a dependent variable , with what socio-structural factors is it most highly associated ? ?
Until such evidence appears , we must make do with the evidence we have .
Here , perhaps , Fromm is vulnerable , for he does not always use the best and most recent evidence available , and he sometimes selects and interprets the evidence in rather special ways .
Fromm seems unaware of these developments .
For example , he cites the following data from two studies on job satisfaction : in the first study , 85 per cent of professionals and executives , 64 per cent of white collar people , and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs ; ;
Eric Hoffer , for example , once said that America was a paradise -- the only one in the history of the world -- for workingmen and small children .
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount .
Fromm says these data show that job dissatisfaction and resentment are widespread .
Considering the nature of man , and the conditions for happiness , this can hardly be so '' .
The ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in Fromm's style of thought .
He seems to use the term alienation in two different ways .
That is , sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery , and other times it is postulated to explain unfelt anxiety and discontent .
When alienation is used as an objective and diagnostic category , for example , it becomes clear that Fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward conquering it .
( He , in effect , does say this in his discussion of the pseudo-happiness of the automaton conformist .
) Starting from this , and accepting his estimate of the iniquities of modern society , it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a work-satisfaction survey which reported widespread , stated worker satisfaction , rather than widespread , stated worker dissatisfaction .
There is nothing remarkable about this at all .
There is a difference between evidence and illustration , and Fromm's citation of the other diagnosticians fits the latter category .
Glance at the list : Burckhardt , Tolstoy , Proudhon , Thoreau , London , Marx , Tawney , Mayo , Durkheim , Tannenbaum , Mumford , A. R. Heron , Huxley , Schweitzer , and Einstein .
these , almost by definition , are spokesmen for an alienated ideology .
One such instance has already been presented : his use of alienation .
It is of course useful to have a sovereign cause on one's social criticism , for it makes diagnosis and prescription much easier than they might otherwise be .
If one characteristic distinguishes Boris Godunov , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music .
Much of this lifelike quality results from Mussorgsky's care in basing his vocal line on natural speech inflections .
such composers as Monteverdi , Lully and Purcell , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages .
The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants .
Otherwise Mussorgsky reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion -- Boris' first monologue , for example .
Even then , the flexibility of the phrasing suggests that the word comes first in importance .
Under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other ; ;
A quiet but sturdy theme , somewhat folklike in character , appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life :
This theme comes to represent the outer world , the realm of battles and banquets -- seen from a distance , quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the monastery .
Their begging song might easily be a folk melody :
The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene .
Missail is the straight man , not very talkative , mild-mannered when he does speak .
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same .
A rough ostinato figure , heard first in the introduction to the inn scene , characterizes him amusingly and reappears whenever he comes into the action :
)
As the knack gradually comes back to him , his rhythm becomes steadier , with the rigid monotony of an unskilled reader .
His speech shows none of the native accent of the Russian characters ; ;
He addresses Marina with great deference , calling her `` Princess '' at first ; ;
Curiously , this scene is a close parallel to one that Verdi was writing at the same time , the scene between Amonasro and Aida .
The music becomes ethereal as he calls up a vision of her own sainthood : it is she , he tells her , who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the heretics .
This is no assignment for a frivolous girl , she assures him .
Now Rangoni comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power .
Indignantly she denounces Rangoni for his evil thoughts and orders him to leave her .
Whatever the source of Rangoni's power , Marina is his captive now ; ;
The most unusual feature of Boris , however , is the use of the greatest character of all , the chorus .
This is the real protagonist of the drama ; ;
Mussorgsky makes this quite clear by the extent to which choral scenes propel the action .
We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official Boris '' , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act .
One reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression .
It rarely speaks as a unit .
Even in its most conventional appearance , the guests' song of praise to Marina , there are a few female dissenters criticizing the princess for her coldness .
They are held in control by force , but barely .
And Mityukh , apparently the intellectual leader of the crowd , replies that he has no notion .
In Pimen's cell the soft prayers of the monks , heard from offstage , not only help to set the scene but emphasize the contrast between young Grigori's thoughts and his situation .
This is especially striking between Pimen's quiet exit and Grigori's vehement outburst against Boris .
Again , as Boris feels himself nearing death , a procession files into the hall singing a hymn , its modal harmonies adding a churchly touch to the grim atmosphere : The words are hardly calculated to put the Tsar's mind at ease .
In addition , it is an important link in the plot , giving us a revealing glimpse of the people's attitude toward Boris and the false Dimitri .
The mayhem in the forest of Kromy is a natural sequel .
The St. Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars milling around the square , the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny .
The service is over , and a number of people come from the church with their spokesman Mityukh in the lead .
this is met with scorn by the hearers , who claim that Mityukh is lying or drunk .
In a time when poetic style , and poetic belief as well , seem in a state of continual flux , Hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency .
There is only one Hardy style , but in the earlier poems that style is only intermittently evident , and when it is not , the style is the style of another poet , or of the fashion of the time .
The bad early poems are bad Shakespeare or bad Swinburne ; ;
the bad late poems are bad Hardy .
There are two ways of getting at a poet's development : through his dated poems , and through the revisions which he made in later editions of his work .
These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems , since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other .
With the exception of Satires Of Circumstance , each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( Winter Words spans sixty-one years ) ; ;
The dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant , his production was not .
There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and , except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from 1882 to 1890 .
Satires Of Circumstance and Moments Of Vision , coming during his most productive decade , are relatively self-contained ; ;
but resumed it later '' ) .
Mrs. Hardy records that `` at the end of November ( 1881 ) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible '' ( Early Life , p. 188 ) ; ;
There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude .
and the First World War .
Hardy's two productive decades were separated by forty years , yet between them he developed only in that he became more steadily himself -- it was a narrowing , not an expanding process .
Like a wise gardener , Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs , and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited , and let the main stock of his talent flourish .
The range of the later poetry is considerably narrower , but the number of successful poems is far greater .
Like about half of the 1860 - 70 poems , it is a sonnet on a conventional theme -- the unhappiness of love .
Almost anyone could have written it ; ;
it is competent in the sense that it makes a coherent statement without violating the rules of the sonnet form , but it is entirely undistinguished and entirely unlike Hardy .
It is smoother than Hardy usually is , but with the smoothness of anonymity .
It is obviously a young man's poem , written out of books and not out of experience ; ;
it asserts emotion without evoking it -- that is to say , it is sentimental .
`` Neutral Tones '' we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy's most characteristic style : the plain but not quite colloquial language , the hard , particular , colorless images , the slightly odd stanza-form , the dramatic handling of the occasion , the refusal to resolve the issue -- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems .
The poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction , yet it is obviously not ordinary speech -- only Hardy would say `` a grin of bitterness swept thereby ; ;
`` Neutral Tones '' is an excellent example of Hardy's mature style , drawn from his earliest productive period ; ;
I cite it as evidence that he did not develop through new styles as he grew older ( as Yeats did ) , but that he simply learned to use better what he already had .
In the poem we recognize and acknowledge one man's sense of the world ; ;
In the 1860 - 70 decade there are many poems like `` Revulsion '' , but there is only one `` Neutral Tones '' .
Hardy was not Hardy very often .
The `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' offer a good example of Hardy's style as it was manifested in the later productive decade .
These are the poems Hardy wrote after the death of his first wife ; ;
Hardy obviously felt that these poems were peculiarly personal and private ; ;
They are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in Satires Of Circumstance ) and the publication of the Collected Poems .
The elegiac tone is Hardy's natural tone of voice , and it is not surprising that the 1912 - 13 poems are consistently and unmistakably his .
Critically invisible , modern revolt , like X-rays and radioactivity , is perceived only by its effects at more materialistic social levels , where it is called delinquency .
The last time I saw Bird , at Jimbo's Bob City , he was so gone -- so blind to the world -- that he literally sat down on me before he realized I was there .
`` What happened , man '' ? ?
About dawn he got up to blow .
The last time I saw Dylan , his self-destruction had not just passed the limits of rationality .
As artists , they were very similar .
But this fluent , enchanting utterance had , compared with important artists of the past , relatively little content .
Neither of them got very far beyond a sort of entranced rapture at his own creativity .
The principal theme of Thomas's poetry was the ambivalence of birth and death -- the pain of blood-stained creation .
This , of course , is the theme of much art -- perhaps most poetry .
It is the theme of Horace , who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to Parker or Thomas .
Dylan Thomas's verse had to find endurance in a world of burning cities and burning Jews .
Contrary to popular belief , they were not great technical innovators .
Their effects are only superficially startling .
Thomas is a regression from the technical originality and ingenuity of writers like Pierre Reverdy or Apollinaire .
It is true of the rhythmic pattern in which the beat shifts continuously , or at least is continuously sprung , so that it becomes ambiguous enough to allow the pattern to be dominated by the long pulsations of the phrase or strophe .
This is exactly what happened in the transition from baroque to rococo music .
The immediate theme , if it exists , is incidental , and his main theme -- the terror of birth -- is simply reiterated .
Again , contrary to popular belief , there is nothing crazy or frantic about Parker either musically or emotionally .
Partly this difference is due to the nature of verbal communication .
Thomas certainly wanted to tell people about the ruin and disorder of the world .
Parker and Pollock wanted to substitute a work of art for the world .
In modern jazz , the saxophone is treated as a woodwind and played with conventional embouchure .
I want to make clear what I consider the one technical development in the first wave of significant post-war arts .
Ornament is confabulation in the interstices of structure .
Even before his death this influence had begun to ebb .
In fact , the whole generation of the founding fathers of bop -- Gillespie , Monk , Davis , Blakey , and the rest -- are just now at a considerable discount .
There is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from Baudelaire to Eluard , or for that matter , from Hawthorne through Henry James to Gertrude Stein .
I doubt if anyone holds such ideas today .
Nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion .
Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents .
Once again what has happened is an all-consuming confabulation of the incidentals , the accidents of painting .
It is curious that at its best , the work of this school of painting -- Mark Rothko , Jackson Pollock , Clyfford Still , Robert Motherwell , Willem De-Kooning , and the rest -- resembles nothing so much as the passage painting of quite unimpressive painters : the mother-of-pearl shimmer in the background of a Henry McFee , itself a formula derived from Renoir ; ;
the splashes of light and black which fake drapery in the fashionable imitators of Hals and Sargent .
Often work of this sort is presented as calligraphy -- the pure utterance of the brush stroke seeking only absolute painteresque values .
You have only to compare such painting with the work of , say , Sesshu , to realize that someone is using words and brushes carelessly .
At its best the abstract expressionists achieve a simple rococo decorative surface .
Its poverty shows up immediately when compared with Tiepolo , where the rococo rises to painting of extraordinary profundity and power .
A Tiepolo painting , however confabulated , is a universe of tensions in vast depths .
There is just more to Tiepolo .
The great Ashikaga brush painters painted wallpapers , too -- at least portable ones , screens .
Alcinous' court bard sings of the discovered adultery of Ares and Aphrodite ( Odyssey 8 266-366 ) , and takes up a tale of Odysseus while the Ithacan wanderer listens on ( Odyssey 8 499-520 ) .
the poet of The Odyssey , reputed blind , reveals himself not at all in singing of the blind minstrel Demodocus .
Since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter , there is prima-facie evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition .
The bondage endurable by an oral poet is to be estimated only by a very skilful oral poet , but it appears safe to assume that no sustained narrative in rhyme could be composed without extreme difficulty , even in a language of many terminal inflections .
The Anglo-Saxon alliterative line and the Homeric hexameter probably imposed less of a restraint ; ;
Yet certain aids were valuable and quite credibly necessary for reciting long stretches of verse without a pause .
The poet in a written tradition who generally never blots a line may once in a while pause and polish without incurring blame .
he must improvise continuously with no apparent effort .
Verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction , but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents , and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language .
The quest of the historical Homer is likely never to have further success ; ;
no individual word in The Iliad or The Odyssey can be credited to any one man ; ;
With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow .
To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches .
W. F. Bryan suggests that certain kennings in Beowulf were selected sometimes for appropriateness and sometimes for ironic inappropriateness , but such a view would appear untenable unless it is denied that the language of Beowulf is formulaic .
It is false to be certain of having discovered in the language of Beowulf such effects as intentional irony .
Yet , if the argument is turned awry , there may be found a great deal in Bryan's view , after all .
Time-servers , though the periphrastic expressions are , they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous .
A long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things , and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually accurate .
A ship at dry-dock could be called a foamy-necked floater in Anglo-Saxon or a swift ship in Greek .
Even when defenseless of weapons the Danes would be Gar-Dene ( as their king is Hrothgar ) and Priam would be EUMMELIHS .
Achilles , like Siegfried in The Nibelungenlied , is potentially the swiftest of men and may accordingly be called swift-footed even when he stands idle .
In Coriolanus the agnomen of Marcius is used deliberately and pointedly , but the Homeric epithets and the Anglo-Saxon kennings are used casually and recall to the hearer `` a familiar story or situation or a useful or pleasant quality of the referent '' .
it was partly his master .
the language , however , is a proper object of scrutiny , and the effects of the language are palpable even if sometimes inevitable .
In lieu of the amanuensis to the blind or illiterate bard , one may conceive of a man who heard a vast store of oral poetry recited , and became intimately familiar with the established aids to poetizing , and himself wrote his own compositions or his edition of the compositions of the past .
Carl Eduard Schmidt counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two Homeric poems , and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times .
Thus one line in five from The Iliad and The Odyssey is to be found somewhere else in the two poems .
The ratio is thoroughly remarkable , because the lines are so long -- half again as long as those of Beowulf .
if any words or phrases are formulaic , they will be .
In his analysis , however , he touches upon but fails to explore an idea , generally neglected in discussions of the book , which I believe is central to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative .
In Great Expectations the hands become almost an obsession .
Wemmick reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together .
Dickens not only reveals character through gesture , he makes hands a crucial element of the plot , a means of clarifying the structure of the novel by helping to define the hero's relations with all the major characters , and a device for ordering such diverse themes as guilt , pursuit , crime , greed , education , materialism , enslavement ( by both people and institutions ) , friendship , romantic love , forgiveness , and redemption .
So it is with Great Expectations , whether the hands be Orlick's as he strikes down Mrs. Gargery or Pip's as he steals a pie from her pantry .
Magwitch terrifies Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may `` softly creep his way to him and tear him open '' , `` imbruing his hands '' in him .
As Pip agonizes over the theft that his own hands have committed , his guilty conscience projects itself upon the wooden finger of a local signpost , transforming it into `` a phantom devoting me to the Hulks '' .
Through such details Dickens indicates at the outset that guilt is a part of the ironic bond between Pip and Magwitch which is so unpredictably to alter both their lives .
Since they commonly translate thoughts and feelings into deeds , hands naturally represent action , and since nearly half the characters in Great Expectations are of the underworld or closely allied to it , the linking of hands with crime or violence is not to be wondered at .
This last `` rampage '' is only the prelude to the vicious blow upon her head , `` dealt by some unknown hand '' whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action -- the tracing of Orlick's hammer upon a slate .
Pip himself is to feel the terror of Orlick's `` murderous hand '' in his secret rendezvous at the sluicehouse on the marshes .
Dickens lays great emphasis on the hands in this scene .
Finally , Magwitch's pursuit of Compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns .
But only in one of its aspects is Great Expectations a tale of violence , revenge , and retribution .
Dickens suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of Pip's five little dead brothers `` who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle '' , who seemed to have `` all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets , and had never taken them out in this state of existence '' .
Pip imagines how Estella would look down upon Joe's hands , roughened by work in the smithy , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which Pip struggles -- idleness and work , artificiality and naturalness , gentility and commonness , coldness and affection -- in fact , between Satis House and the forge .
Pip's abject leave-taking of Miss Havisham , during which he kneels to kiss her hand , signalizes his homage to a supposed patroness who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour ; ;
when , on the journey to London that immediately follows , he pauses nostalgically to lay his hand upon the finger-post at the end of the village , the wooden pointer symbolically designates a spiritual frontier between innocence and the corruption of worldly vanity .
Incidentally , one cannot miss the significance of this gesture , for Dickens reintroduces it associatively in Pip's mind at another moral and psychological crisis -- his painful recognition , in a talk with Herbert Pocket , that his hopeless attachment to Estella is as self-destructive as it is romantic .
In both cases the finger-post represents Pip's heightened awareness of contrary magnetisms .
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss Havisham is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss Camilla Pocket , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss Havisham in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella .
Pumblechook's hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement .
We first see him shaking Mrs. Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands `` for the hundredth time at least '' ( `` May I -- may I -- '' ? ?
) in effusive congratulation to Pip on his expectations .
We take leave of Pumblechook as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as Pip's `` earliest benefactor '' .
Continuation cards
i.e. , it must be left-justified in the operand column of the coding sheet .
Remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces .
index words 97 through 99 are not available .
The initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System : Operating Procedure '' , form Aj .
At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references .
Both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways .
2 .
any such reference will make the index word or electronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass .
Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways .
When such a reference is found , an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment .
( This method does not apply to electronic switches .
)
It will not , however , be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time .
The resultant conflicting usage of index words or electronic switches may be avoided by reducing the number of symbolic names used , e.g. , through the proper use of the EQU , XRELEASE , or SRELEASE statements .
Otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction .
DA , DC , DTF , and DLINE require more than one entry .
These addresses are calculated automatically by the processor .
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose .
The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address .
The DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements are used when required by the Input/Output Control System .
A DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used .
The DUF also supplies the locations of subroutines written by the user that are unique to the file .
Brief descriptions of these three declarative statements and detailed descriptions of the formats and functions of each of the other 7070/7074 Autocoder declarative statements follow below .
diocs -- define input/output control system
it may be omitted .
The first item in the operand , IOCSIXF , is used to specify the first IOCS index word for programs using tape files .
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94 .
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94 .
In the Midwest , oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas .
Research at Fayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg/l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb .
Recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer .
They indicated that a 4-day retention , aerated lagoon would give 60 to 76 per cent BOD reduction .
Later , Eckenfelder increased the efficiency of treatment to between 75 and 85 per cent in the summer months .
It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .
Red Bridge Subdivision
For the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1 .
The pond is currently serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre .
It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .
It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development .
Pilot lagoon
The side slopes were coated with fiberglas matting coated with asphalt to prevent erosion .
The pilot plant was equipped with a 3-hp. turbine aerator ( Figure 2 ) .
The aerator had a variable-speed drive to permit operation through a range of speeds .
The raw sewage was introduced directly under the turbine aerator to insure maximum mixing of the raw sewage with the aeration tank contents .
Analyses
Composite samples were collected at weekly intervals .
The long retention period and the complete mixing concept prevented rapid changes in either the mixed liquor or in the effluent .
Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .
A single 24-hr. composite sample indicated that the sewage flow pattern and characteristics were typical .
The BOD of the influent to the pilot plant varied between 110 and 710 mg/l with an average of 350 Aj .
This was equivalent to 240 mg/lBOD on a 24-hr. basis .
The BOD of the raw sewage was typical of domestic sewage from a subdivision .
The BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg/l , a 76-per-cent reduction over the 24-hr. period .
The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted .
Ice caused the aerator to overload , straining the drive belts .
The slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage .
The average volatile suspended solids in the effluent was 75 mg/l while MLSS averaged 170 mg/l volatile suspended solids .
The average sludge age based on displacement of solids was calculated to be 14.5 days .
The increase in oxygen uptake rates from 1.2 to 2.6 mg/l/hr which followed an increase in rotor speed was believed to be related to resuspension of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds .
It appeared that most of the mixed liquor suspended solids were active microbial solids with the heavier , less active solids settling out .
The suspended solids discharged in the effluent were found to be the major source of the Aj .
Removal of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent containing only 20 mg/l Aj .
The BOD in the drainage ditch receiving the pilot plant effluent averaged 12 Aj .
Microscopic examination
The bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc .
The floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out .
Initially , the flagellated protozoa predominated , but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa .
As the temperature decreased , the number of free swimming ciliated protozoa decreased .
Very little protozoa activity existed below 40-degrees-F .
Only once were stalked ciliates found in the mixed liquor .
The predomination of free swimming ciliated protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population .
Oxygen transfer
Routine determinations were made for dissolved oxygen in the mixed liquor and for oxygen uptake rates .
The data given in Table 2 , show the routine operation of the aerator .
A series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate .
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover .
Oxidation pond
During this study septic conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted .
The location of the oxidation pond in a high-value residential area makes odor nuisances a sensitive problem for the developer .
The organic concentration in the influent raw sewage ranged from 160 to 270 mg/l of BOD with an average of 230 Aj .
The organic loading on the pond was slightly under 60 lb. BOD / day / acre .
The BOD of the effluent ranged from a minimum of 13 to a maximum of 47 mg. / l. .
Microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather .
During the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent BOD's in the effluent were 18 and 16 Aj .
Thus , the three main categories of antisubmarine warfare operations are defense of shipping , defense of naval forces , and area defense .
To effect these operations , five elements exist ( 1 ) surface , ( 2 ) air , ( 3 ) mines , ( 4 ) submarine , and ( 5 ) fixed installations .
Submarines and shore installations are new elements .
The submarine now has a definite place in submarine defense particularly in denying enemy access to ocean areas .
Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection .
It includes operational intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment .
Operational intelligence presumably will be available from our national intelligence agencies ; ;
This is stated to emphasize the necessity for an over-all concept of submarine defense , one which would provide positions of relative importance to ASW elements based on projected potentialities .
An over-all concept would have other advantages .
While one element is announcing progress , another is delineating its problems .
A unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and , if public support is gained , will command Congressional support .
Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how .
Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas .
That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare .
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases .
Attack can come from almost any direction against many locations .
Logically , then , the first principle of the plan must be that it is not rigidly oriented toward any geographical area .
In transit or on station , it may not be possible to attack the submarines until commission of an overt act .
Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while providing for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war .
It is a war of attrition , of single actions , of an exchange of losses .
Therefore , the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types , unless at an assured favorable exchange rate .
The submarine has increased its effectiveness by several orders of magnitude since World War 2 .
The missile can gradually be expected to replace the torpedo .
No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense .
Some elements support the others , but all have limitations .
Some limitations of one element can be compensated for by a capability of another .
Therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination .
Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements .
The world is constantly changing ; ;
The seventh principle of the plan is self-evident ; ;
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions .
But it must be remembered that the plan should not be oriented geographically .
Consequently , the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world wide ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile .
These are arranged approximately in the order of the vociferousness of their proponents but will be discussed in the reverse order in the hope that the true order of importance will result .
These can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence .
Environmental intelligence is just as important .
A program is needed to translate the results of oceanographic research into tactical and operating instructions .
Approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid , because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average conditions , but under the conditions most advantageous to him .
Therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter .
All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then .
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be encompassed .
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets .
Mines need to be recognized as a major element in anti-submarine warfare employment , extended to deep water , and have their effective area per unit increased .
Mines can be used to deny access to great areas ; ;
A most attractive feature is that detection and attack are combined in a single package .
Effective employment will reduce force requirements .
For example , effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the Yucatan Channel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense , inshore patrol , convoy escort , shipping control , and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico .
The advantages inherent in mine warfare justify as great an importance for this element as is accorded any of the other elements .
Fixed installations are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges .
The proponents are scientific and technical men who exercise considerable influence on their military counterparts .
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` burglar alarms '' .
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically .
No general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum capability determined .
In addition , proposals for fixed installations should be carefully weighed against a counterpart mobile system .
It operates in its target's environment , and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker .
But the submarine is a weapon of ambush and therefore always in danger of being ambushed .
Thirty-five of the 36 carbon atoms arise from Aj .
All 28 carbons of metabolite 1 ( ( a product of mild acid hydrolysis of 2 ) arise from Aj .
( N. H. Sloane ; ;
chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of K.G. Untch .
) studies on esterases
One of the most interesting findings was the extreme sensitivity of plasma arylesterases to rare earth ions .
Selective inhibitors can distinguish the two activities .
Investigations on the acceleration of human plasma cholinesterase were carried further .
( R. V. Rice )
A method was devised for extracting and purifying soluble earthworm collagen ( EWC ) .
It was observed that EWC macromolecules are the same diameter ( 15 a. ) but much longer ( up to several microns ) than vertebrate tropocollagen .
This unusual collagen also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase transformation .
( R. V. Rice , M. D. Maser ) studies on peptides and peptidases
high-voltage electrophoresis and paper chromatography were used in preliminary structural studies ; ;
Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions .
( E. F. Casassa , H. J. Notarius )
continuum mechanics and viscoelasticity
theory of non-newtonian fluids
-- On the basis of a differentiability assumption in function space , it is possible to prove that , for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients , the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past .
In the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function .
( B. D. Coleman with Walter Noll , Department of Mathematics , Carnegie Institute of Technology ) viscoelastic measurements
As many as seven decades of the time scale were thus covered isothermally .
( Hershel Markovitz , D.J. Plazek , Haruo Nakayasu )
geochemistry
trace elements in tektites , meteorites , and related materials
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation .
These always contain metallic inclusions .
Impact glasses not containing elemental nickel-iron may have been produced by stony meteorites or comets .
This crater contains impact glass with no metallic inclusions and no meteoritic material has been recovered .
inorganic chemistry
Recent work with radiocarbon and deuterated alcohols as solvents , however , has given evidence that metal-hydrido and carbonyl complexes may be readily formed by reaction with alcohol in some of these systems .
The coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary phosphines and arsines are being investigated ( R. G. Hayter ) .
Particular interest is directed towards the condensation of these ligands with metal halides to form substituted phosphide or arside complexes .
In another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species , prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis , are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative conditions .
structure and properties of macromolecules
The dilation accompanying elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation .
In continuation of these theoretical studies , a more precise elucidation of the effects of imperfections in network structure is sought .
The mean-square end-to-end distance of the polyisobutylene chain has been calculated in reasonable agreement with values deduced from viscosity data .
These studies are being extended to different polymers to increase our knowledge about the hindrances to rotation around chain bonds .
Only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for formation of crystallites .
Hence , the present studies offer a possible basis for interpretations in the latter field .
While ATP appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction , its presence and enzymatic hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein myosin are not the only criteria for contraction .
-- One of the principal aims of anionic polymerization techniques is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution .
In the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth .
Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .
The predictability of the molecular weights was found to be within 10% for the polymers prepared , with Af ratios less than 1.1 .
Organization :
In this publication measurements of interfacial angles of crystals are used to classify and identify chemical substances .
The compilation work was undertaken by a number of interested crystallographers in the Department of Mineralogy of the University Museum at Oxford .
Since 1948 the working headquarters has been the Department of Geology and Mineralogy .
Great interest and practical help have been given by the Barker Index Committee .
Editors for Volumes 1 , and 2 , were M. W. Porter and the late R. C. Spiller , both of Oxford University .
Volume 1 , deals with 2991 compounds belonging to the tetragonal , hexagonal and trigonal , and orthorhombic systems ; ;
Volume 3 , , in preparation , will treat the anorthic compounds described in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie .
The Barker system is based on the use of the smallest number of interfacial angles necessary for indexing purposes .
Sources of data :
Criticality :
other symbols related to the index necessarily have been introduced .
Part 1 in both volumes is labeled `` Introduction And Tables '' .
The tables include those for the classification angles , refractive indices , and melting points of the various types of crystals .
Part 2 of Volume 1 , and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2 , contain the crystal descriptions .
The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee by W. Heffer & Sons , Ltd. , 4 Petty Cury , Cambridge , England .
Volume 1 , containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951 ; ;
Volume 2 , , in three parts , in 1956 .
The two volumes are available from the publisher for $16.80 and $28.00 , respectively .
Crystal data
organization :
Many collaborators in the United States and Switzerland helped in collecting and assembling data , in making calculations , and in editing .
Preparation of a second edition is in progress under the sponsorship of the Crystal Data Committee of the American Crystallographic Association .
Elements , alloys , inorganic and organic compounds .
( Metal data will not be included in the second edition , since these have been collected independently by W. B. Pearson , National Research Council , Ottawa , and published as A handbook of lattice spacings and structures of metals and alloys by Pergamon Press .
Crystallographic data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented .
For some substances , auxiliary properties such as the melting point are given .
Sources of data :
Part 2 , , up to the end of 1951 .
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants :
Since Parts 1 , and 2 , were prepared independently , the abbreviation schemes and the chemical symbols used differ in the two parts .
The second edition should have greater uniformity .
Format :
Part 1 , deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numerical data compilation .
Part 2 , contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances .
The present edition of crystal data ( Af ) , published in 1954 as Memoir 60 of the Geological Society of America , is now out of print .
Crystal Structures
The author of Crystal Structures is Ralph W.G. Wyckoff , University of Arizona , Tucson , Arizona .
The first section of this publication appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960 .
Though now complete , the publication is included in this directory because of its importance and because of the long-term nature of its preparation .
Properties :
The data presented are derived almost entirely from X-ray diffraction measurements and include atomic coordinates , cell dimensions , and atomic and ionic radii .
Published literature .
Criticality :
The aim was to state the results of all available determinations of atomic positions in crystals .
The critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable .
Currency :
Coverage of the literature extends through 1954 and includes some 1955 references .
It is to be hoped that some way will be found to keep this important work current .
Format :
The publication form is that of loose-leaf sheets ( Af ) contained in binders .
The book is divided into chapters and in each chapter the material is grouped into Text , Tables , Illustrations , and Bibliography .
Inorganic structures are found in Chapters 2 - 12 , organic structures in Chapters 13 - 15 .
There are three indexes , i.e. , an inorganic formula index , a mineralogical name index , and a name index to organic compounds .
Publication and distribution :
Publisher of Crystal Structures is Interscience Publishers , 250 Fifth Avenue , New York 1 , N. Y. .
Price of the complete work including all necessary binders is $148.50 .
organization :
In 1915 Edward S. Dana , editor of the sixth edition , asked W. E. Ford of Yale University to prepare a seventh edition of his father's work .
Besides the editors there were many contributors in the United States and Great Britain to Volumes 1 , and 2 .
Volume 3 , is nearing completion and there are plans to revise Volume 1 .
Substances :
Properties :
Crystallographic , physical , optical , and chemical properties .
Sources of data :
Almost entirely original articles in journals ; ;
abstracts and other compilations on rare occasions when original papers are not available .
All information is carefully appraised and uncertain facts are designated by ( '?' .
There is a complete synonymy at the beginning of each species description .
Currency in the usual sense cannot be maintained in an undertaking of this sort .
Volume 1 , of the seventh edition contains an introduction and data for eight classes of minerals ; ;
Volume 1 ( ( Af ) of the seventh edition of Dana's System Of Mineralogy was published in 1944 and Volume 2 ( ( Af ) in 1951 by John Wiley & Sons , Inc. , New York , N. Y. .
( The association of Wiley & Sons with the Dana Mineralogies dates back to 1844 when they published the second edition of the system .
2-5 .
The Air Force Office of Scientific Research has provided financial assistance in the early stages of the Institute's program .
Properties :
Coverage of primary literature will follow .
Criticality :
Critical evaluation of all data compiled is not a primary aim of this project .
In addition , the availability of computers will permit recalculation and refinement of much structural information .
In earlier years , the preservation of food was essentially related to survival .
In the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations , food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety , peak freshness , and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer .
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods .
The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing .
Food treated in this manner and protected from recontamination by aseptic methods of packaging and containment presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration .
The process of `` pasteurization '' involves milder and less prolonged heat treatment which accomplishes the destruction of most , but not all , of the microorganisms .
Less severe thermal treatment as by blanching or scalding serves to inactivate enzymes .
General effects of ionizing radiation
Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or , at lower doses , can inhibit their action .
It furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain parasitic organisms present in meats .
Because of undesirable flavors , odors , colors , and generally low palatability associated with radiation treatment of this magnitude , the inactivation of enzymes is best accomplished prior to irradiation by the conventional heat-processing methods of blanching .
Radiation does not retard the chemical spoilage of food .
For radiosterilization , to destroy all organisms for long-term preservation -- about 4.5 Mrad for nonacid foods of low salt content .
results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Aj .
For destruction of insects -- about 25,000 Aj .
For inhibiting the sprouting of root vegetables -- 4,000 to 10,000 Aj .
Moreover , the nutritive value of irradiated foods apparently undergoes little , if any , change , although some of the fat-soluble vitamins are affected by sterilization doses .
Radiation sources
For irradiation of food , the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation , and X-ray , gamma , and high-energy electron radiation are suitable .
Selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs .
Costs of the effective energy produced by these sources is a major obstacle in the development of food-preservation processes .
Estimated production costs of radiation energy from machine and nuclide sources range from $1 to $10 per Aj .
Radiation , therefore , is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization .
No comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiation are foreseen .
Such projections , however , appear highly speculative and the capacities involved are far beyond those foreseen for food-preservation facilities .
The objective of complete sterilization of foods is to produce a wholesome and palatable product capable of being stored without refrigeration for extended periods of time .
For them , providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration .
High nutritional value , variety , palatability , and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale .
Radiopasteurization , which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products , has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items .
Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime conditions .
To date , the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork .
Of particular interest to the military services is the demonstration that roast pork , after radiosterilization , is superior in palatability to available canned pork products .
Tests with beef have been largely unsuccessful because of the development of off-flavors .
Partly because low-level heat treatment is needed to inactivate enzymes before radiosterilization , treated fresh meats have the appearance of boiled or canned meat .
The preradiation blanching process discolors the treated beef and liquid accumulates in prepackaged cuts .
However , a major problem here is one of scale of processing ; ;
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities .
A refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type .
Competitive processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing .
Radiosterilization ( at 3 Mrad ) is more expensive than canning , particularly for the cesium-137 source .
Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs .
Irradiation using the nuclide source is more expensive than use of an electron accelerator .
Poultry
Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful .
Seafood
Fresh seafood products are extremely perishable .
Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately .
The instrument is shown in Fig. 1 and consists essentially of a hard , sharp , tungsten carbide knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating .
A number of adjustment features are included in the Hesiometer to facilitate measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such substrates as iron and other metals , glass , wood , and plastic surfaces .
The measurement of topcoats on primers can also readily be carried out .
Hesiometer results have been found to compare excellently with manual knife scratching tests .
If a wedge-shaped coating of increasing thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the Hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle , a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating .
The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs. 2 , 3 , and 4 , which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process .
It can be seen from Fig. 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating .
The molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface .
The pictures of Figs. 3 and 4 show the cracking and peeling types of removal where the coating is detached by failure in a region at , or close to , the interface between coating and substrate .
If the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness , a graph as illustrated schematically in Fig. 5 may characteristically result .
Here , H is the coatings removal force measured parallel to the surface of the substrate and T is the film thickness .
What then , are the factors that contribute to these phenomena ? ?
Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure
The action and reaction forces are R and Af , respectively , and are equal and opposite in direction .
**yc is the rake angle of the knife ; ;
**yf is the angle the shear plane makes with the substrate ; ;
**yt is the friction angle ; ;
It is difficult to measure the direction and magnitude of R directly .
**yc is defined by the geometry of the knife ; ;
**yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate ; ;
However , in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. ( 1 ) .
One of these is the fact that the knife employed , no matter how well sharpened , will have a slightly rounded cutting edge .
This signifies that **yc , the rake angle , is no longer a constant to zero film thickness .
The blunter the knife , the higher is the value of Af .
The importance of a hard , abrasion-resistant knife material like the Carboloy employed in the Hesiometer immediately becomes apparent .
Under equilibrium conditions of cutting the chip exerts a thrust Af against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of Af .
A straight line relationship is usually observed in a plot of Af against load L , having slope k , and Af .
Since the load L , under actual cutting conditions is caused by Af , it can be seen that Af
.
Chipping mechanism of cohesive failure
Although a large number of coatings systems , particularly at low thicknesses fail cohesively by the cutting mechanism , frequently a second type of cohesive failure may also take place .
This is shown in the photomicrograph of Fig. 8 .
The basic difference between the continuous cutting mechanism and that of the chipping mechanism is that instead of shear occurring in the coating ahead of the knife continuously without fracture , rupture intermittently occurs along the shear plane .
The detailed mechanisms of this type of failure have been studied extensively by Merchant for metal cutting , and the principles found can be directly applied to coatings .
By studying high speed movies made of this type of failure , the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in Fig. 9 could be observed .
In the next , the shear plane angle is high , and extends to the inclined work surface .
Merchant has found that the same basic relationships which describe the geometry and force systems in the case of the cutting mechanism can also be applied to the discontinuous chip formation provided the proper values of instantaneous shear angle and instantaneous chip thickness or cross-sectional area are used .
Consequently , if the shear angle **yf is replaced by the rupture angle Af , the relationships as described in eqns. ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 4 ) , and ( 6 ) will directly apply .
The cracking mechanism
If the rake angle **yc of the knife is high enough and the friction angle **yt between the front of the knife and the back of the chip is low enough to give a positive value for Af , the resultant vector R will lie above the plane of the substrate .
And there are even newer foamed plastics that are yet to be evaluated .
another reports that a cellular polypropylene , primarily for use in wire coating applications , is being investigated .
In one outstanding example , Whirlpool Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models .
And in meeting the demands for urethane foam as a garment interlining , new adhesives and new methods of laminating foam to a substrate have been developed .
Two other end-use areas which contributed to expandable styrene's growth during the year were packaging ( molded inserts replacing complicated cardboard units ) and foamed-core building panels .
Extruded expandable styrene film or sheet -- claimed to be competitive price-wise with paper -- also showed much potential , particularly for packaging .
In vinyl foam , the big news was the development of techniques for coating fabrics with the material ( for details , see P. 395 ) .
Readers interested in additional information on foams are referred to the Foamed Plastics Chart appearing in the Technical Data section and to the list of references which appears below .
Urethane foams
Since the mid 1950s , when urethane foam first made its appearance in the American market , growth has been little short of fantastic .
The markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations .
Furniture upholstery , as just one example , can easily take millions of pounds ; ;
and use of the foam for garment interlining is only now getting off the ground , with volume potential in the offing .
Urethane foams are , basically , reaction products of hydroxyl-rich materials and polyisocyanates ( usually tolylene diisocyanate ) .
The most important factor in determining what properties the end-product will have is quite naturally the type of hydroxyl-rich compound that is used in its production .
These are still in wide use today , particularly in semi-rigid formulations , for such applications as cores for sandwich-type structural panels , foamed-in-place insulation , automotive safety padding , arm rests , etc. .
The polyester urethane foam is generally produced with adipic acid polyesters ; ;
the polyether group generally consists of foams produced with polypropylene glycol or polypropylene glycol modified with a triol .
One shot vs. prepolymer
In the prepolymer system , the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs .
In one-shot , the isocyanate , polyester or polyether resin , catalyst , and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately .
Compression strength :
The single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example .
By varying the formula , this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength / density ratio .
In temperature resistance , this quality is usually related to specific properties , e.g. , flexural , tensile strengths , etc. .
The K factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( B.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0F./in. of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing agents used .
Table 1 , , p. 394 , shows a comparison of K factor ratings of a number of commercial insulating materials in common use , including two different types of rigid urethane foam .
The higher-density urethane semi-rigid foams usually have stronger flex fatigue resistance , i.e. , the 12 lb. / cu. ft. foam has 8 times the flexural strength of the 3 lb. / cu. ft. density .
( like compression strength of urethane foams , it has a direct relationship to formulation .
) Exceptional tensile strength is another of urethane foam's strong features .
Figure 2 , above , shows the aging properties of urethane foams as determined by the percent of change in tensile strength during exposure to ultra-violet light .
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product .
Slab stock is still one of the most important forms of urethane end-product in use today .
Basically , the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units , a variable mixer , a nozzle carriage assembly , and , in many cases , a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam .
The mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the width of the receptacle .
Much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to fabricate the slab stock into finished products .
Also available is a slitter which `` peels '' the inside of a folded block of foam and can be used to slit continuous sheets up to 300 yd. in length , down to 1/16 in. thick .
Molding
Satisfactory methods for polyester foams and even prepolymer polyether foams were never fully achieved .
This counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss .
In addition , there were difficulties with the flow and spreading of the foam mixture over the mold surface , trouble with lack of gel strength in the rising foam , and problems of splits .
The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new catalysts , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding .
While there are still many bugs to be ironed out , the technique is fast developing .
The top rolls are loaded with 40 lbs. .
The suds box drain is arranged at the start to deliver into the raised main drain pipe ( thus returning suds to soap box ) and the machine is started .
The 160-ml. bath containing the calculated amount of detergent is applied slowly and directly to the running specimen .
At the conclusion of the washing , 8 liters of water at 90-degrees-F ( 32*0C. ) are automatically metered from the rinse reservoir to the washing tubs , 4 liters to each tub .
This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes .
During the rinsing operation the volume in the tubs gradually increases until overflow from the main drain begins .
At this point the drains are readjusted so that the suds box drain will discharge directly into the waste line and the main tub drain is set at the 2-1/2 mark on the drain gauge .
The run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste line .
By this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages , first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water , since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains .
This method of rinsing appears to produce maximum cleansing with minimum soil redeposition .
Evaluation may be made on either a soil-removal or a grease-removal basis as desired .
Purpose and scope
Five drying test procedures are established to cover the range of drying techniques used in the home and commercial laundry .
These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings .
The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry .
For example Test 3 , E 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure `` 3 ( '' ( at 160-degrees-F ) for a total of 60 minutes in the machine , has been dried in a tumble dryer by procedure `` E '' and has been subjected to restorative forces on the Tension Presser by procedure `` 1 '' .
A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary .
Distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or wales and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering .
The wash wheel rotates at a speed of 30 revolutions per minute , making five to ten revolutions before reversing .
It is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel .
Pressing equipment -- flat-bed press measuring 24 inches by 50 inches or larger .
The flat-bed press is maintained at a temperature not less than 275-degrees-F ( 135*0C. ) .
The dryer is provided with a means of maintaining a drying temperature of 120-degrees - 160-degrees-F ( 49*0 - 71*&0C. ) , measured in the exhaust vent as close as possible to the drying chamber .
Screen drying racks -- 16-mesh screening ( Saran or Velon ) .
Drying room -- facilities for drip- or line-drying .
Extractor -- centrifugal extractor of the laundry-type with a perforated basket , approximately 11 inches deep by 17 inches in diameter , with an operating speed of approximately 1,500 r.p.m. .
Pen and ink , indelible -- or other suitable marking device .
Soap , neutral chip -- fed. Spec. 566 or Aj .
Flatiron , electric -- approximately 3 lb.
tension presser -- consisting of a padded ironing board from which extend clamping members on all four sides .
Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps .
A special template is furnished with the apparatus to enable marking a specimen for a central measuring area and the fabric extensions to the clamps ( see Fig. 2 ) .
The springs have an extension of 1 inch at Af tension .
The surface of the apparatus in contact with the test specimen is uncluttered and polished so as to be as friction-free as possible .
Test specimens
Three specimens for each sample to be tested are required in order to arrive at a satisfactory average of performance .
This is especially true for knitted fabrics .
Specimens are allowed to reach moisture equilibrium with a standard atmosphere of Af and Af and then laid out without tension on a flat , polished surface , care being taken that the fabric is free from wrinkles or creases .
This also holds true if restorative forces are applied .
Generally , it is necessary to mark distances on a specimen ( or garment ) in both lengthwise and widthwise directions and to measure before and after laundering .
The distances may be marked with indelible ink and a fine-point pen , by sewing fine threads into the fabric , or by a specially designed stamping machine .
Usually , the greater the original distances marked , the greater will be the accuracy of the test .
Distances of less than 10 inches are not recommended .
The distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen .
Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches .
Place the template ( Fig. 2 ) on the fabric so that the sides of the 10 inch square cut out of the template are parallel to the warp and filling for woven fabrics , or the wales and courses for knitted fabrics , and so that the same amount of fabric extends beyond the edges of the template on all sides .
Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and indelible ink ; ;
Each specimen is approximately 16 inches square .
The markings consist of a centrally located 10 inch diameter measuring circle and a 14 inch diameter circle of 20 dots equidistantly spaced ( See Figure 1 ) .
Procedure
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2 .
Start the wash wheel and note the time .
this level will be increased by condensed steam .
When this water level has been reached , inject steam into the wheel until the temperature reaches that shown in Column B of Table 2 .
Add sufficient soap ( and softener if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if desired use a synthetic detergent .
Test 1 ,
Inject steam , if necessary , to reach the temperature shown in Column D of Table 2 .
Again stop the machine at the end of the time shown in Column C of Table 2 .
This procedure is repeated for the second rinse , using the temperatures and time shown in Columns F and E of Table 2 .
Drain off the soap solution of the suds cycle at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of soap and water at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2 , , measured from the time the wash wheel was started .
Refill the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( 38 - 43*0C. ) .
Immediately refill to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( 38 - 43*0C ) .
Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A , C , and E , measured from the time the wash wheel was started .
High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability .
Examples of such situations are ( aerial ) night reconnaissance , the recording of radioactive tracers in live body tissues , special radiography in medical or industrial applications , track recording of high energy particles , etc. .
High-gain photoelectronic image intensification may be achieved by several methods ; ;
some of these are listed below : ( A )
Channel-type , secondary emission image intensifier , ( C )
Cascading of single stages , enclosed in one common envelope .
Resolution limitations with electrostatic focus might be anticipated due to chromatic aberrations .
Furthermore , the thin film dynodes appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated .
The electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one .
An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky .
It should be noted , however , that the paraxial resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems .
It is felt that fiber-coupled double- ( and multi- ) stage image intensifiers will gain considerable importance in the future .
Therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes .
The luminous efficiency and resolution of single stages , fiber couplers , and finally of the composite tube will be computed .
It will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels .
Basic design of a fiber-coupled , double-stage image intensifier
The inner ( anode ) sphere is pierced , elongated into a cup , and terminated by the phosphor screen .
The photoelectrons emitted from a circular segment of the cathode sphere are focused by the positive lens action of the two concentric spheres , pass through the ( negative ) lens formed by the anode aperture , and impinge upon the cathodoluminescent viewing screen .
Both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concave as seen from the anode aperture .
The field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member .
For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired .
The photocathode sensitivities S , phosphor efficiencies P , and anode potentials V of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1 , and 2 , in the text , where required .
In general , P is a function of V and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant .
If the input light distribution falls beyond the visible range , Af as expected , since Af .
Such cases are not considered here .
The efficiency of fiber optics plates depends on four factors : ( A )
( B )
end ( Fresnel reflection ) losses ( R ) ; ;
( D )
The numerical aperture of the fibers is given by : Af where Af .
The angle Af is measured in the medium of index Af .
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity .
A sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses R can be obtained from the angle independent Fresnel formula : Af .
As the index of refraction of photosensitive surfaces of the SbCs-type lies around 2 , the Fresnel losses at the fiber-photocathode interface are about 0.5 percent and the Af factor for the interstage coupler is 0.95 .
The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface .
These losses depend on fiber diameter and length , absorption coefficient , the mean value of the loss per internal reflection and last , but not least , on the angular distribution of the incident light .
Explicit expressions ( integral averages ) are given in the literature .
Lacking reliable data for some of the variables , we are relying on experimental data of about 20 percent internal losses for 1/4-inch long , small ( 5 - 10 M ) diameter fibers .
This relatively high value is probably due to the small fiber diameters increasing the number of internal reflections .
The packing efficiency , F.R. , of fiber plates did not receive much attention in the literature , probably as it is high for the larger fibers generally used , until rather recently .
For circular fibers in a closely packed hexagonal array , the packing efficiency is given by : Af where Af , and 0.906 is the ratio of the area of a circle to that of the circumscribed hexagon .
For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 Af resolution , Af .
The cladding thickness is about 0.5 M , hence , Af and Af .
Thus , the efficiency **yt couplers is given by -- Af or approximately 50 percent each .
Gain of fiber coupled image intensifiers
It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes Af for a given input E ( in the case of the second stage , for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important .
The resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution capabilities of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen .
The resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations .
In general , a high anode voltage reduces chromatic aberrations and thus increases the obtainable resolution .
.
It is obvious that such an influence can only be expected in the final stage of an image intensifier at rather high output levels .
The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .
For the further discussion , we shall thus assume an electron optical resolution of 80 Af and phosphor screen resolution of 60 Af .
The set of all decisions is called the operating policy or , more simply , the policy .
There are thus three components to an optimal design problem : ( 1 )
The specification of the state of the process stream ; ;
The specification of the operating variables and the transformation they effect ; ;
The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired .
For the second we might have to choose the volume of reactor or amount of cooling to be supplied ; ;
The objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing ; ;
it is the subject of Chapter 4 .
The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by Bellman .
Proceeding in this way , from one to two and from two to three stages , we may gradually build up the policy for any number .
then the search for the maximum at any one stage will require a number of operations of order Af ( where a is some number not unreasonably large ) .
To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ;
If , however , we are seeking the optimal R-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is required at the final step .
Thus a number of operations of the order of Af are required .
In contrast , the dynamic program produces this policy and a whole family of policies for any smaller number of stages .
No optimism is more baseless than that which believes that the high speed of modern digital computers allows for use of the crudest of methods in searching out a result .
Suppose that Af , and that the average operation requires only Af sec. .
Bellman ( 1957 ) has annunciated in the following terms :
2.2 the discrete deterministic process
This transformation is uniquely determined by Af and we therefore speak of the process as deterministic .
When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ;
thus Af .
For any choice of admissible policy Af in the first stage , the state of the stream leaving this stage is given by Af .
This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state .
We also see how the results may be presented , although if n , the number of state variables , is large any tabulation will become cumbersome .
Proceeding in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and , if it is desired , we can check on Af by evaluating Af at the last stage .
If Af denotes the net profit from stage R and Af , then the principle of optimality gives Af .
If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first .
The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here , except that now the fourth column is redundant .
The discussion of the optimal policy when the outcome of one stage is not known before passing to the next is a very much more difficult matter .
We replace r , the number of the stage from the end of the process , by t , a continuous variable which measures the `` distance '' of the point considered from the end of the process .
it may in fact be the time that will elapse before the end of the process .
If T is the total `` length '' of the process , its feed state may be denoted by a vector p(T) and the product state by p(Q) .
P denotes the state at any point T and Q the vector of operating variables there .
A gyro-stabilized platform system , using restrained gyros , is well suited for automatic leveling because of the characteristics of the gyro-platform-servo combination .
The restrained gyro-stabilized platform with reasonable response characteristics operates with an approximate equation of motion , neglecting transient effects , as follows : Af where U is a torque applied about the output axis of the controlling gyro .
This is normally termed the gyro input axis , 90-degrees away from the gyro output or **yj axis .
The gyro angular momentum is defined by H .
In the system shown in Fig. 7-1 , the accelerometer output is amplified and the resulting voltage is applied to the gyro output-axis torquer .
If the polarities are correct , the platform rotates in such a direction as to reduce the accelerometer output to zero .
A mathematical block diagram for the leveling system is shown in Fig. 7-2 .
With these factors included , an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations .
In this type of system , a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time .
In addition , the cutoff frequency for input accelerations is approximately proportional to the servo loop gain ; ;
i.e. , high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal components of accelerations .
The equation relating input acceleration to output platform angle is Af .
In practice , the preflight leveling process takes place with the system mounted in the airframe .
When the system is arranged for automatic leveling , the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers .
One solution to the problem is to operate with a low loop gain and to include low-pass filters .
One of the most desirable solutions is achieved by the use of a non-linear amplifier for Af .
When the system is on automatic leveling , the gyro drift is canceled by the output of the leveling system ( amplifier Af ) .
The amount of platform dip required depends upon the scale factors of the system .
7-3 .
Practical leveling considerations .
The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits .
The leveling process can be accomplished manually , and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment .
The process consists in turning the platform manually until the outputs of both accelerometers are zero .
The turning is accomplished by applying voltage to the gyro torquers described above .
In brief , the human replaces amplifier Af in Figs. 7-1 and 7-2 .
If high accuracy is required in preflight leveling , it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minimizes the noise problem ) .
With integration , the effect of a small acceleration ( or small platform tilt angle ) can be seen after a time .
However , skill is required on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy .
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time .
The operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled .
This process is especially difficult since gyro drifting is typically random .
Platform heading .
The choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements , field conditions , and the time available to accomplish the heading .
External determination of heading -- surveying technique .
The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure .
Before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform , the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined .
A mirror is mounted on each accelerometer so that the plane of the mirror is perpendicular to the sensitive axis of the unit .
Transit .
With the transit set up , a mirror on one of the accelerometers is sighted and the platform is turned until it is aligned .
When the platform is aligned , the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs .
The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy .
In many installations , the inertial platform is raised off the ground a considerable height when it is mounted in the vehicle before flight .
Autocollimator .
The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator .
If the polarity is correct , the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero .
Information is also available from this autocollimator system to set the drift bias for the Z-axis gyro .
If the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current .
It is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff , which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform .
Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading .
For the case of a purely inertial autonavigator consisting of three restrained gyros , a coordinate system is used where the sensitive axis of the X accelerometer is parallel to the east-west direction at the base point , and the Y accelerometer sensitive axis is parallel to the north-south direction at the base point .
Thus , if one accelerometer is properly aligned , the other is also .
The platform is leveled and properly headed , so that the X-gyro input axis is parallel to the east-west direction and the Y-gyro input axis is parallel to the north-south direction .
The input axis of the X gyro , when pointing in the east-west direction , is always perpendicular to the spin axis of earth .
The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading .
In Fig. 7-4 , the input axis of the three-axis platform is shown at some point on the earth .
His parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off , spend a lot of time in bed and , for the rest , do pretty much as he chose -- provided , of course , he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating .
Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments .
Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair , angular , alert as a cricket , looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship .
Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest .
He said more loudly , `` I'm full , old Pop '' .
He had eaten almost nothing on the crested , three-sectioned plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container .
`` He's all right , Craig '' , Rachel said .
Since his seizure , Scotty had had little appetite ; ;
yet his changed appearance , surprisingly , was one of plumpness .
His face was fuller ; ;
he kept his eyes , with their puffed blurred lids , always lowered , though not , apparently , focusing .
His hands , which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds , were now neither active nor really relaxed .
He looked lazy , spoiled , a little querulous .
Rachel had little to say .
She greeted her husband's colleagues with smiling politeness , offering nothing .
Rachel said , `` I'd better get him to bed '' .
The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger .
Since Mr. McKinley had to give a lecture , Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth .
Scotty gazed out at ugly gray slums and said softly , `` Look at those stupid kids '' .
It was a Negro section of peeling row houses , store-front churches and ragged children .
Rachel had to bend toward Scotty and ask him to repeat .
And then : `` There are lots of kids around here '' .
the days seemed short , perhaps because his routine was , each day , almost the same .
He rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel .
Virginia treated him with attention and tried to tempt his appetite with special food : biscuits , cookies , candies -- the result of devoted hours in the tiled kitchen .
Rachel , observing , would say , `` He has to rediscover his own capacity .
It'll take time '' .
Virginia and Rachel talked to each other quietly now , as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere .
Both watched Scotty constantly , Rachel without seeming to , Virginia openly , her eyes filled with concern .
He did not resent their supervision or Virginia's sometimes tiring sympathy .
He ate what he felt like , slept as much or as little as he pleased , and moved about the draughty rooms of the house , when he was not in bed , with slow , dubious steps , like an elderly tourist in a cathedral .
His energy was gone .
His hands lay loosely , yet stiffly -- they were like wax hands : almost lifelike , not quite -- folded in his lap ; ;
When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable , he would answer ; ;
He had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly , almost accidentally , encounter her .
He was calm , drugged , and lazy .
Scotty said , `` That's all right .
Kate's all right '' .
The heavy branches in his front yard would hide and then reveal them .
The doctor , since Scotty was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him , came often and informally to the house .
Scotty did not mind the doctor's unsmiling teasing as he used to .
`` Husky young man '' , he said with mock distaste .
`` I don't go to school any more '' .
He'll be stronger soon '' .
His stethoscope was on the table by Scotty's bed and he picked it up and wagged it at Scotty .
The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room .
She smoothed the covers on Scotty's bed and picked things up from the floor .
He did not speak .
He had no desire to .
He did not care .
He shook his head .
She says the children miss you .
Rachel came close to the bed , bent as if she would kiss him , then moved away .
She was frowning .
`` Well , Mrs. Charles -- Sally -- has phoned too .
He did not .
There was the slight pain , but it was no different from the throbbing in his head .
`` Well , there's time , in any case .
Scotty said , `` Okay '' .
Scotty was pleased .
And Rachel's or Virginia's reply : `` better .
He's getting plenty of rest '' .
He never smiled .
It required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father .
`` I'm eating more '' , he would say .
Or : `` I walk around the house a lot '' .
`` I'm not supposed to yet '' .
he felt he was noting it , as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger .
`` Have you got enough blankets '' ? ?
And another time , without accusation : `` You never wore that scarf I bought you '' .
`` Our objective '' , the colonel had said that day of the briefing , `` is Papa-san '' .
Gouge , burn , blast , insult it as they would , could anyone really take Papa-san ? ?
At the slope's base coils of concertina stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of children's hoops , stopped simultaneously , weirdly poised as if awaiting the magic of the child's touch to start them all rolling again .
Was it all vain labor ? ?
Who would clean up the mess when the war was over ? ?
Smiling at his quixotic thoughts , Warren turned back from the opening and lit a cigarette before sitting down .
Tonight a group of men , tomorrow night he himself , would go out there somewhere and wait .
He hadn't realized that there would be so much time to think , so many lulls .
It could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from now .
White's suggestion flattered , but he did not like the identity .
He did not spill over with hatred for the enemy .
He saw no life , but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills , his gaze continually returning to Papa-san .
He had come because he could not live out his life feeling that he had been a coward .
There were ten men on the patrol which Sergeant Prevot led out that next night .
The beaming ROK was carrying a thirty-caliber machine gun ; ;
Warren and White each carried , in addition to their own weapons and ammo , a box of ammo for the ROK's machine gun .
Prevot had briefed the two new men that afternoon .
`` Be sure the man nearest you is awake .
At 2130 hours they had passed through the barbed wire at the point of departure .
Big ones and little .
But theirs defied the detectors .
Mines .
A foot misplaced , a leg missing .
All sizes : big ones , some wired to set off a whole field , little ones , hand grenade size .
Booby traps to fill the head with chunks of metal .
Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky .
It was dark .
Because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , Prevot had placed Warren and White in the center of the patrol as it filed out .
His eyes now fixed on White's solid figure , Warren could hear behind him the tread of another .
Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night .
And with each sigh , like a whip in the hand of an expert , the grass stripped something from Warren .
The dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage , their dirge unsung for want of vocal chords .
Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones .
Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light .
Warren thought of all the men out that night who , like himself , had left their protective ridge and -- fear working at their guts -- picked their way into the area beyond .
White's arm went up and Warren raised his own .
Take that spot over there '' , he whispered , pointing to a small clump of blackness .
Over his shoulder he could see Prevot with the machine gun crew .
The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air .
Although the armored vest fitted the upper part of his body snugly , he felt no security .
Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark ; ;
Above , the glowing ivory baton of their searchlight pointed at the clouds , diluting the valley's dark to a pallid light .
Then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees , standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene .
They visited the shipyards at Brest and Pierre had to sign the register , vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner .
C'est merveilleux '' .
And then the questions came , eager , interested questions , and many compliments on his having overcome his infirmity .
Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands .
The Americans , like yourself , take the fact for granted , try to be helpful , but don't ask questions .
I'm used to all three , but I think the French have the healthiest attitude '' .
That was the day that Pierre had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes .
`` You are looking tired and there you can rest .
It will be good for you .
I think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes mischievous , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken '' .
Within two weeks Warren was ringing the bell at the abbey gate .
He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help .
Smiling at Warren's protestations , the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor .
Al's Little Cafe was small , dark , narrow , and filled with the mingled scent of beer , tobacco smoke , and Italian cooking .
The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers .
His friend Jane was with him .
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like .
Jane sat receptive and interested .
It's like focusing a camera ; ;
You know what I'm talking about .
I'm sure all girls feel this way about men until they live with them .
He had a mean , unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit , and someone invented the name Trig for him .
That's to say , he was trigger happy .
He'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry .
A New York kid , a refugee from one of the Harlem gangs , made fun of Trig's accent , and drew a knife .
Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly .
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him .
There was a sniper's nest in a mountain cave , and it was picking off our men with devilish accuracy .
The patrol snaked around in back of the cave , approached it from above and dropped in suddenly with wild howls .
There was a lot of shooting .
Two of our men were killed , a third was wounded .
When we got there , Trig and the Negro were quarreling over possession of a gold crucifix around the neck of a wounded Filipino .
The colored boy had it , and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said , ' Give that to me , you black bastard .
`` What did the Colonel do about the men '' ? ?
So you see Mr. Christiansen knows what it's all about .
But not Jeff Lawrence .
Jefferson Lawrence was alone at the small , perfectly appointed table by the window looking out over the river .
Beside him was Mrs. Dalloway .
He thought how this dainty , fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself .
He had not because he was both poor and ambitious .
Poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious .
He made the decision with his eyes open , or so he thought .
At State College , he had no time to walk among the violets on the water's edge .
From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds .
He was not stone .
He was not unmoved .
If he had had a son , he would tell him , `` Gather ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying '' .
But then his son could afford it .
He said the matter was urgent .
He did not like Boxell .
Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely , and this worried him .
Human nature was not a piece of meat you could tell was bad by its smell .
A half hour later the Vice President arrived .
He said to the Secretary , `` I understand you came from a little Pennsylvania town near Wilkes-Barre .
The Secretary did not tell him at what cost , at what loneliness , he learned these things .
He merely said , `` Any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home '' .
The Vice President said , `` If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home , let me know .
He had to acquire everything he was going to get in four years .
What are your weaknesses ? ?
The Vice President said with a slight bluster , `` There isn't anyone who loves the President more than I do .
`` So , we have to protect the old man for his own good .
You see what I mean .
This is why I say we just can't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses .
But Sojourner was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly : `` Let's go and see what it's like '' .
Annisberg was about seventy-five miles west of Birmingham , near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River , a small and dirty stream .
Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over ; ;
Then they went down to Black Bottom .
But it was a landmark .
It had been there 50 years or more and everybody in town , black and white , knew of it .
The characteristic thing about this church was its Amen corner and the weekly religious orgy .
With shout and slow dance , with tears and song , with scream and contortion , the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering , wailing , shouting , possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force .
It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion .
Wilson , on his first Sunday , witnessed this with something like disgust .
He had preached a short sermon , trying to talk man-to-man to the audience , to tell them who he was , what he had done in Macon and Birmingham , and what he proposed to do here .
He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor .
But then , at mention of that name , the Amen corner broke loose .
The salary of the pastor had for years been $500 annually and even this was in arrears .
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500 , but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing .
It really ought to be rebuilt , and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this .
The streets in the colored section were dirty .
The teacher was a pliant fool .
the other exclusively Negro .
Undoubtedly , there was a good deal of gambling in both .
On the other side of the church was a quiet , well-kept house with shutters and recently painted .
It was called Kent House .
Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people , which seemed to him rather queer .
Why should a white hotel be set down in the center of Black Bottom ? ?
But nevertheless it looked respectable .
The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep .
The best could not escape from the worst and the worst nestled cosily beside the better .
The yards , front and back , were narrow ; ;
After looking about a bit , Wilson discovered beyond Black Bottom , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot .
But there was one thing that he had to stress , and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses , the dollar money , had been seriously falling behind in this church , and that must be looked after immediately .
In fact , he intimated clearly that that was the reason that Wilson had been sent here -- to make a larger contribution of dollar money .
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was , they must have a better church , a more business-like conduct of the church organization , and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization .
The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears , and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in , and that none would be sold to colored folk .
It had been here fifty years .
Tenements , stores , saloons , some gambling , I hope not too much .
Now , if I were you I would just plan to repair the old church so it would last for five or ten years .
She said , `` My dear , do you know what Kent House is '' ? ?
Wilson stared at her .
But it had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educated and got better wages .
Good wages , patronage and subscription of various kinds stopped open protest from Negroes .
And yet Wilson knew that this place must go or he must go .
And for him to leave this job now without accomplishing anything would mean practically the end of his career in the Methodist church , if not in all churches .
Payne dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold .
The pretence was that he was delivering a prescription from Dr. Verdi .
The sick were always receiving medicines .
In the half darkness the banisters gleamed , and the hall seemed enormous .
Above him somewhere were the bedrooms .
At the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown .
Frederick Seward said his father was sleeping , and then went through a pantomime at his father's door , to prove the statement .
It had misfired .
Reversing it , he smashed the butt down on Frederick Seward's head , over and over again .
After that , violence was exultantly easy .
It was not murder at all .
He ran for the sick room , found his pistol was broken , and threw it away .
From childhood he had known all about knives .
Someone blocked the door from inside .
He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness .
It was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams .
There was a lady there , in a nightdress .
Another man approached , this one fully dressed .
`` I'm mad '' , shouted Payne , as he ran out into the hall .
But he was not mad .
Herold , he saw , had fled .
Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone .
After some time he came to an open field .
He felt curiously sleepy , the world seemed far away ; ;
Cap would find him and take care of him .
So choosing a good tree , he clambered up into it , found a comfortable notch , and curled up in it to sleep , like the tousled bear he was , with his hands across his chest , as though surfeited with honey .
Violence always made him tired , but he was not frightened .
The audience , as usual , loved it .
Laura Keene had been in the green room .
The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom .
The stage had been empty , except for Harry Hawk , doing his star monologue .
At the end of the monologue the audience would applaud .
Meanwhile it looked at the scenery .
`` Well , I guess I know enough to turn you inside out , you sockdologizing old mantrap '' ! !
That was when the gun went off .
Then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box .
Booth had delivered his line .
They strained forward .
They had not heard what had been said .
His speech faltered .
The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The Octoroon .
This figure looked like the slave dealer from that .
Then it disappeared into the wings .
Clara Harris , one of the guests in the box , stood up and demanded water .
Her action was involuntary .
In the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled : `` He has shot the President '' ! !
That got everybody up .
Laura Keene brushed by him with the glass of water .
The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. Lincoln's weeping .
A Dr. Charles Taft clambered up on the stage and got the actors to hoist him up to the box .
As usual , Mrs. Lincoln had lost her head , but nobody blamed her for doing so now .
With a sneer , the man spread his legs and , a third time , confronted them .
Once more , Katie reared , and whinnied in fear .
For a moment , boy and mount hung in midair .
But the stranger was nimbler still .
The stranger leered .
It was absurd .
With incredible ferocity , he brought his fists together and struck .
Katie scrambled to her feet , Stevie agilely retaining his seat .
Again Katie reared , and now , wickedly , he compelled her to bring her hooves down again and again upon the sprawled figure of the stranger .
He gloated , and his lips slavered .
He heard himself chortling .
Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , remained visible .
Stevie was shouting triumphantly .
A train hooted .
Instantly , he chilled .
They were pursuing him .
Then Katie stumbled , and again he was falling , falling ! !
`` Stevie ! !
Stevie '' ! !
His mother was nudging him , but he was still falling .
His head hung over the boards of Katie's stall ; ;
before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger .
`` Stevie , wake up now ! !
We're nearly there '' .
He was safe in his Mama's arms .
The train had slowed .
Houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot .
The trainman called .
Bong ! !
The room vibrated as if a giant hand had rocked it .
Bong ! !
The walls bulged , the floor trembled , the windowpanes rattled .
He raced to the window and yanked at the sash .
Bong ! !
Bong ! !
Six o'clock ! !
There was the slate roof of the church ; ;
ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster .
The clock which had struck presented an innocent face .
In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards .
`` There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high .
`` They say that our steeple is one hundred and sixty-two feet high .
The clock you heard strike -- it's really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. Shorter , on her birthday '' .
He crossed Broome Street to Orange Square .
The steeple leaned backward , while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long , shapeless coat .
The Catholics had the largest cemetery , near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south ; ;
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds .
God was everywhere , in the belfry , in the steeple , in the clouds , in the trees , and in the mountains hulking on the horizon .
He was fortunate , and proud .
The veterans , idling on their benches in the Square , beneath the soldiers' monument , got to their feet when Papa approached : `` Morning , Reverend '' ! !
`` We have nine hundred and eleven members in our charge '' , Mama announced , `` and three hundred and eighty Sunday-school scholars '' .
When Papa went out to do God's work , Stevie often accompanied him in the buggy , which was drawn by Violet , the new black mare .
Sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse -- `` Afternoon , Reverend '' ! !
South of Laurel Grove Cemetery , and below the junction of the Neversink and the Delaware , was the Tri-State Rock , from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania , as well as New York , simply by spinning around on his heel .
Papa pointed a scornful finger at the splashing youth : `` Idle recreation '' ! !
Stevie saw no idols ; ;
He was torn between the excitement in the sun-inflamed waters and a little engine chugging northward on the Monticello Branch .
Ludie inquired every evening , pretending that he did not care .
`` He'll make a preacher out of you '' ! !
`` No , he won't '' ! !
Stevie flared .
I heard them ! !
`` Everybody does '' .
Ludie could be hateful .
To speak of Papa dying was a sin .
Stevie was constantly slipping into the church .
The cold , mysterious presence of God was all around him .
At the end of a shaft of light , the pews appeared to be broad stairs in a long dungeon .
Would Papa really die ? ?
Therefore , give Him your affection and store up His love for you .
He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath ; ;
Papa was disappointed that none of the brothers had heard the Call .
Someday God would choose him .
He would hear the Call and would run to tell Papa .
He was Papa's chosen ; ;
therefore , nothing but good could happen to him , even in God's wrathful storms .
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! !
But he was good .
Thunder crashed ; ;
Lightning might strike the steeples of the other churches ; ;
Violet whinnied from the stable .
He would save her .
When the sun came out , Stevie strode proudly into Orange Square , smiling like a landlord on industrious tenants .
`` Go on home '' ! !
`` Someone'll tell Papa '' ! !
Ludie had a cigar box full of marbles and shooters , and a Roman candle from last Fourth of July .
Ludie hopped rides on freight cars , and was chased by Mr. Yankton , the railroad guard .
Stevie envied him .
On the Christophers' lawn , little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party .
Stevie yearned for a dog .
He crossed the tracks to Delaware House , where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah .
She was taller than Aggie .
Fiddles screeched ; ;
`` P. J. '' -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities .
Rich people went to Delaware House , Opera House , American House or Fowler House .
That's how it should be .
He thought of sweet wet nigger pussy .
He had caught her coming out of the shack .
The snow came a little faster now , he noted .
Goddamn niggers , Lord .
What I have to put up with ! !
Sonuvabitch , I can't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for .
Only one worth a shit , and that's Brandon .
He ain't so bad .
Kaboom for .
He had been pretty scared himself , wondering what the hell was coming off .
Soon came back to his senses .
I was the first to get my squad on the ball , and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb .
He kept sayin , not me , not me , I don't wanta wind up like em .
But I told him , goddammit .
That'll put the place back to normal .
Normal , by God .
Maybe it's a good thing it happened .
They're doin it now .
Prickly twinges of annoyance ran through him .
His eyes blinked hard , snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him .
The music drove them off , or away , and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments , humming and jiving within , beating the rhythm within .
Turn the bastards over to me -- to me and my boys -- no nigger ever got what would be comin to them -- reactionary bastards .
He had never heard the word reactionary before his life as a POW began .
`` Four cuts at least '' , he chuckled to himself , `` and I owe it all to them '' .
He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball .
It came up again and again in the discussion sessions .
Hired , hard lackeys of the Warmongering capitalists .
To fuck up the program .
You guys remember that .
He laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention .
One day , Ching had told him ( smiling , patting him on the back ) as they walked to the weekly conference of squad leaders , `` Keep it up , your squad is good , one of the best , keep it up , keep up the good work '' .
That was really something , coming from Ching .
`` They'll get them by God and let them bring them down here to me , just let them , God , I'll slice their balls right off .
'' His arm moved swiftly , violently , once , twice .
He felt intense satisfaction .
`` bout takin his place '' He listened , waited , nothing happened .
Stroked him , snaked all through him , the lyrics lifted him , took him from one magic isle to another , stopping briefly at each Brandon .
He is good .
But he isn't with it , not at all with it .
That's what he said .
He oughta know .
How he loathed him .
He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time .
Why couldn't they have dumped him off on someone else ? ?
Why me ? ?
Like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind .
The music surged up , but it failed to check it .
Who is the man to take His place ? ?
Handle men .
Thoroughly Wised up .
A gnawing and gnashing within him .
The snow was tumbling down furiously now .
Huge glob-flakes hitting the ground , piling higher and higher .
Keeeerist ! !
Cover the whole building , bury us all , by nightfall .
Jesus ! !
Somebody , got to be somebody If I don't put my two cents in soon , somebody else will I know they're waitin only for one thing : for the bastards what done it to be nailed .
Ching , Tien , all of them .
He whirled about suddenly .
`` Boy , you're stirrin early '' , a sleepy voice said .
`` Lookit that come down , willya '' , said the man , scratching himself , yawning .
They'll toe the line .
Keep the chatter to a minimum , short answers , one word , if possible .
All he does is to bullshit with his squad , and they are the stupidest bastards around .
Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven .
Plenty of room there now .
They'd cut their mothers' belly open .
He watched the snow once again .
It infuriated him .
The man shrank before the hot fury , searching frantically for the answer .
Finnegan woke up .
There was a hell of a noise this time of morning .
The whole fucken sky's caved in ! !
What the hell was he up to now ? ?
Then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions : What the Hell am I doin here ? ?
From somewhere in the hut came Coughlin's voice .
`` How long did you study ? ?
How long , buddy '' ? ?
`` For Christ's sake '' ! !
A voice pleaded .
`` Don't Christsake me , buddy ! !
Just answer .
Did I start the damn war ? ?
Who did ? ?
That's a good one .
I thought I knew .
So fuck them both .
Just let me go home to Jersey , back to the shore , oh , Jesus , the shore .
All pricks like Coughlin run it anyway , one way or another .
Brandon dreamed .
The log was spinning .
But he was not .
So what ? ?
Over on the bank , the west bank , a man stood , calling to him .
He couldn't make out what he was saying .
No doubt it had to do with the log .
Rousseau is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books , too .
`` You must be a very learned man '' , says Voltaire to one of the bandits .
`` A learned man '' ? ?
The bandit laughs in his face .
But Voltaire perseveres .
`` To have become so corrupt '' , he says , `` surely you must have studied many arts and sciences '' .
He is in a hurry to write another essay against culture .
How cruel ! !
But at the same time how understandable .
How , for example , could a Voltaire understand the strange predicament in which a Rousseau would find himself when , soon after the furor of his first Discourse , he acquired still another title to fame ? ?
As a composer .
And his efforts to get a performance for his Gallant Muses invariably failed .
`` Nonsense '' , he said .
Cried the ladies , enchanted by his music .
And they wouldn't leave off arguing and pleading until he had promised .
Or at least appear to reject it ! !
Well , yes , perhaps in literature , since you could argue that you couldn't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself .
But now music too ? ?
That would be too much ! !
These little songs , however , were sweet nothings from the heart , tender memories of his childhood , little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep .
That glory , craved for so long , was now forbidden to him .
The ladies were delighted and Jean Jacques was applauded .
The ladies especially couldn't understand what troubled him .
Every woman has had the experience of saying no when she meant yes , and saying yes when she meant no .
Merely to satisfy the author's curiosity .
`` Let me do the submitting to the Royal Academy '' , he suggested .
`` Your name will never appear .
Imagine the honor of it ! !
Jean Jacques asked , striving to appear unimpressed .
`` I refused '' , Duclos said .
But I said I would first have to get the author's permission .
Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his Discourse , and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial ? ?
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! !
Back and forth Duclos had to go , between M. De Cury and Jean Jacques and between the Duke D'Aumont and Jean Jacques again , as his little operetta , The Village Soothsayer , though still unperformed , took on ever more importance .
But they , naturally , kept his secret well , and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles .
And listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe , Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration , trembling lest his authorship become known , and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer .
Seeing him in that condition , and about to enter the hall where the King , the Queen , the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present , Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him .
`` You can't go in that way '' ! !
Jean Jacques asked .
`` You haven't dressed for the occasion '' ! !
`` At home , yes '' , they argued .
`` Is it because of my slovenliness that hair grows on my face ? ?
A hundred years ago I would have worn a beard with pride .
And those without beards would have stood out as not dressed for the occasion .
That's the fashion .
He trembled lest his piece should fail .
Before the King ? ?
It was the first time any of us had laughed since the morning began .
By God , they're a-coming , they are '' ! !
We heard him before he ever showed , and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight .
Solomon Chandler hadn't misjudged the strength of his lungs , not at all .
I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there .
That's understandable , and I appreciate the sentiment .
The last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall , and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation .
We came down off the wall as if he had toppled all of us , and we crouched behind it .
Whatever we felt about the redcoats , we respected them in terms of their trade , which was killing ; ;
and I know that I , myself , was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun .
I wanted to wipe my flint , but I didn't dare to , the state my hands were in , just as I didn't dare to do anything about the priming .
The gun would fire or not , just as chance willed .
The gunfire , which was so near that it seemed just a piece up the road now , stopped for long enough to count to twenty ; ;
but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come .
The redcoat officer collapsed like a punctured bolster , and the horse reared and threw him from the saddle , except that one booted foot caught in the stirrup .
It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; ;
Yet it could not have been more than a matter of seconds , and then the front of the British army came into view .
It was only hours since I had last seen them , but they had changed and I had changed .
In the very front rank , two men were wounded and staggered along , trailing blood behind them .
No drummers here , no pipers , and the red coats were covered with a fine film of dust .
Rank after rank of them came down the road , and the faces were all the same , and they walked in a sea of dust .
`` Committeemen , hold your fire ! !
A voice called , and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant , only some of them glancing toward the stone wall , from behind which the voice came .
The front of their column had already passed us , when another officer came riding down the side of the road , not five paces from where we were .
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers .
One moment , the road was filled with disciplined troops , marching four by four with a purpose as implacable as death ; ;
the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury .
In the course of this , they had fired on us ; ;
but I have no memory of that .
Isaac Pitt , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; ;
and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow .
It may appear that we were cruel and callous , but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend .
Meanwhile , I reloaded my gun , as the other men were doing .
and about a mile to the west a cluster of at least fifty Militia were making their way in our direction .
but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts .
While this was being discussed , we saw the militia to the west of us fanning out and breaking into little clusters of two and three men as they approached the road .
`` It makes sense .
Cousin Joshua Dover decided to remain with the Reverend and poor Isaac Pitt until life passed away -- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world .
`` Good heavens , Adam '' , he said , `` I thought one thing you'd have no trouble learning is when to get out of a place '' .
Three men were around him .
They had stripped him of his musket and equipment , and now they were pulling his boots and jacket off .
Cousin Simmons roared .
They tried to outface him , but Joseph Simmons was as wide as two average men , and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him .
The Bordel and other places of prostitution were emptied .
Drunkenness was no longer tolerated .
Plunking themselves down on the front bench , they turned to smirk at those around them .
John's first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy .
But the thought occurred that God would want this opportunity used to tell them about Him .
Calmly he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well .
The next morning , as the clock struck nine , he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected .
`` Stick to the preaching of the Gospel '' ! !
`` That is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins .
John's reply was like a declaration of war .
Ablard Corne , a short man with a rotunda of stomach , rose .
`` What Master Calvin says is true .
It would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers '' .
Philibert Berthelier , the son of the famous patriot , disagreed .
He is throttling the liberty my father gave his life to win '' ! !
John was quietly insistent .
Let evildoers contemplate their ways , and let every man beware '' ! !
Charles had died two weeks before , in early November , without being reconciled to the Church .
The Abbot of St. Eloi , Claude De Mommor , had been a good friend , but not even he thought Charles deserved burial in hallowed ground .
John closed his eyes and saw once again the little niche in his mother's bedroom , where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs .
she , too , prayed only to God .
Snow buried the streets and covered the slanting rooftops , as John trudged toward St. Peter's .
A carriage crunched by , its dim lights filtering through the gloom .
The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes , his only ones , now patched with folded parchment .
Despite their efforts , the problems seemed to grow graver all the time .
Quickening his steps , John entered the vast church and climbed the tower steps to the bells .
Underneath the big one , in the silent moonlight , lay a dead pigeon , and on the smaller bell , the Clemence , two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air .
John leaned upon the stone balustrade .
Below the moon-splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks ; ;
above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars .
He stood very still , his arms at his sides , staring up at the heavens , then down at the blinking lights below .
Indigestion plagued him .
An occasional traveler from Italy brought news of Peter Robert , who was now distributing his Bible among the Waldensian peasants .
He had Anthony and William to confide in and consult .
But William continued to find a bitter joy in smashing images and tearing down symbols sacred to the Old Church .
John found it difficult , but he held him in check .
And Anthony was busy most of the time courting this girl and that .
Catholics who were truly Christians longed for the simple penance of days gone by .
We will have righteousness '' ! !
Monsieur Favre's threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' .
Faint at first , the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind .
John thought .
John stood above him , his face ashen .
`` Monsieur Favre just paid me a visit .
It is to be a trap .
You know the law : if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge , you will be banished '' ! !
`` What will be the subject '' ? ?
Those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed Arianists .
He asked to be appointed a preacher .
So John had refused to agree to his appointment as a preacher , and now Caroli sought revenge .
John sighed .
`` There is more to the conspiracy .
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with unleavened bread .
The firelight played over Eli's flowing white locks and rugged features .
`` Monsieur Favre indicated that if I would co-operate , after you and William are banished , following the debate , I will be given a place of influence '' .
Then suddenly a group of men and dogs circled him .
He stood very still , his heart thumping wildly .
`` Are you going to comply with the demands of Bern '' ? ?
A rowdy with a big blob of a nose roared .
For an instant John was stunned .
When he felt the side of his head , his fingers came away covered with blood .
And another .
Pierre Ameaux , the gaming-card manufacturer said , his little pig eyes glaring .
At once a bevy of dogs was snapping and snarling around him .
One , more horrible than the rest , lunged , growling deep in his throat , his hair bristling .
With great difficulty John clambered to his feet and started to run , sweat pouring down his face .
Standing in the shelter of the tent -- a rejected hospital tent on which the rain now dripped , no longer drumming -- Adam watched his own hands touch the objects on the improvised counter of boards laid across two beer barrels .
Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movement that , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall vendors , forever .
He knew its meaning .
Back in Bavaria he had seen that gesture , and at that sight his heart had always died within him .
On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand , whatever face it might be .
Now the face was his own .
He wondered if it wore the old anxiety , or the old , taut stoicism .
It was nothing to him if rain fell and nobody came .
He looked out of the tent at the company street .
The rain dripped on the freezing loblolly of the street .
Beyond that misty gray of the rain , he saw the stretching hutment , low diminutive log cabins , chinked with mud , with doorways a man would have to crouch to get through , with roofs of tenting laid over boughs or boards from hardtack boxes , or fence rails , with cranky chimneys of sticks and dried mud .
The chimney of the hut across from him was surmounted by a beef barrel with ends knocked out .
In this heavy air , however , that device did not seem to help .
He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh , behind the oath , the banter , the sadness .
Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel , obscene banter , and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature .
His heart suddenly opened to joy .
If Simms Purdew would turn to him and say : `` Adam , you know when I was a boy , it was a funny thing happened .
It would be a sign for the untellable , and he , Adam , would understand .
Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air .
It was Pullen James , the campmate of Simms Purdew .
Adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho .
Pullen James humbly lowered his head , pushed aside the hardtack-box door of the hut , and was gone from sight .
The street was again empty .
With enormous interest , Adam watched his hands as they touched and shifted the objects on the board directly before him .
The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung .
The figure was close enough now for him to see the nose twitching to dislodge the drop clinging there .
This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river .
They called her Mollie the Mutton , and laughed .
Mollie the Mutton was scratching her nose .
The words ran crazily in his head : Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain .
Then the words fell into a pattern : `` Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose , Scratching her nose in the rain .
The pattern would not stop .
He looked wildly around , at the now empty street , at the mud , at the rain .
`` Oh , what's the matter with me '' ? ?
Then what ? ?
He did not know .
In one of the huts a group of men were huddled together , singing .
He stopped .
He strained to hear .
He thought : I am a Jew from Bavaria .
That other Jew , a young man too , had left that greatcoat behind , in a rich house , and marched away .
What had that man , that other young Jew , felt as he stood in the twilight and heard other men , far away , singing together ? ?
Adam thought of the hutments , regiment after regiment , row after row , the thousands of huts , stretching away into the night .
He thought of Simms Purdew , who once had risen at the edge of a cornfield , a maniacal scream on his lips , and swung a clubbed musket like a flail to beat down the swirl of Rebel bayonets about him .
He felt the sweetness of pity flood through him , veining his very flesh .
They did not know who they were or know their own worth .
In the pity for them his loneliness was gone .
Then he thought of Aaron Blaustein standing in his rich house saying : `` God is tired of taking the blame .
He is going to let History take the blame for a while '' .
He thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great chandelier .
`` Gonna give Ole Buckra all his money '' ? ?
Mose asked softly .
Adam nodded .
And look what he done give us '' .
He licked his lips again .
A chicken with six tits and a tail lak a corkscrew .
It is the same ole same , tell me its name .
Had to put my foot on it to hole it down while I cut it up fer the lob-scuse '' .
`` Good ole lob-scuse '' , he mumbled , and stirred the pot .
He stopped stirring and looked over his shoulder .
`` Know what Ole Buckra et tonight '' ? ?
He demanded .
`` Know what I had to fix fer Ole Him '' ? ?
Adam shook his head .
One soft evening -- that marvelous sea-blessed time when the sun's departing warmth lingers and a smell of spume and wrack haunts everything -- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk .
Laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet away .
Then , gently , he shoved her behind toward Laura .
She lost not a second , picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to Laura .
soon she was parading around the house , flaunting her new skill .
Some liar's logic , a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window ( a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill Fritzie had given her ) , consoled her for a moment .
Amy had to be safe , had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due , if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her .
Through the swathings of terror , she jabbed deceit's sharp point -- Amy would be reborn , a new child , with new parents , living under new circumstances .
Gazing at her husband's drugged body , his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms , she saw the grandeur of his fictional world , that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs .
In the darkness , she saw him stirring .
H'all should have let me do it '' .
I should have '' .
Tuesday
He and Irvin Moll were sipping coffee at the breakfast bar .
The latter , thanking her for the coffee , had winked and muttered , `` Sure 'nuff , honey '' .
Sergeant Moll understood .
Not seeing her dark intelligent face , one would have gauged the voice as that of a Westwood Village matron , ten years out of Iowa .
She was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around : independent , unservile , probably charging double what ordinary maids did for housework -- and doubly efficient .
She charged off to the bedrooms .
During the night , a phone company technician had deadened the bells and installed red blinkers on the phones .
He asked .
Andrus did not answer him .
The woman had the glassy look of an invalid , as if she had not slept at all .
Did anything happen during the night '' ? ?
`` Few crank calls '' , McFeeley said .
We can expect more of the same .
Too bad your number is in the directory '' .
He settled on the sofa with his coffee , warming his hands on the cup , although the room was heavy with heat .
Kidnaper spurns ransom ; ;
Once , Andrus walked by it , hastily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article ( by Duane Bosch , staff correspondent -- age not given ) , and muttered : `` We a buncha national celebrities '' .
McFeeley told the parents he would escort them to police headquarters in a half hour .
He could think of nothing else to tell them : no assurances , no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day .
When the detective left , Andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a substitute director for his current project .
Outside , only a handful of reporters remained .
In contrast to the caravan of the previous night , there were only four cars parked across the street .
The street cleaner had not yet been around .
The master of the house , his nourished face unrevealing , consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective .
Flanked by marble urns and alabaster lamps , they seemed to be posing for a tribal portrait .
a gross boy in his teens , shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands ; ;
a girl in her twenties , fat and sullen , descending the marble staircase ; ;
They answered him in monosyllables , nods , occasionally muttering in Greek to one another , awaiting the word from Papa , who restlessly cracked his knuckles , anxious to stuff himself into his white Cadillac and burst off to the freeway .
No , they hadn't seen anyone around ; ;
yes , they had let some reporters use their phone , but they would no longer .
They offered no opinions , volunteered nothing , betrayed no emotions .
The Skopas people seemed to him of that breed of human beings whose insularity frees them from tragedy .
The equation was simple : wealth brought them happiness , and their united front to the world was their warning that they meant to keep everything they had , let no one in on the secrets .
All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left .
He had spoken to Mrs. .
There remained a family named Kahler , owners of a two-story Tudor-style house on the south side of the Andrus home .
Their names had not come up in any discussions with Laura , and he had no idea what they would be like .
Mrs. Kahler joined them .
Both were dressed rather formally .
Mr. Kahler went on to explain how Hausman's fox terrier had been `` making '' in his flower beds .
`` I hit him in the ass once '' .
`` Finally , all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a firecracker and that dumb dog would run ki-yi-ing for his life '' .
In the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room , and then they went across the hall to the kitchen .
They found the teakettle .
butter ; ;
jam ; ;
In their search for what turned out to be the right breakfast china but the wrong table silver , they opened every cupboard door in the kitchen and pantry .
A sleepy voice answered .
At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable , peace-loving , and dependable in everybody .
Harold put a teaspoonful of powdered coffee in his cup and filled it with hot water , and then , stirring , he sat back in his chair .
The chair creaked .
Every time he moved or said something , the chair creaked again .
It went right on creaking under his own considerable weight , and all it needed , Harold thought , was for somebody to fling himself back in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it .
Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in .
They passed the marmalade , the bread , the black-market butter , back and forth .
Eugene was in his pajamas and dressing gown , and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes .
Between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord , and when the conversation came to an end , Eugene carried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartment , to his bathroom , where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub .
`` She wants you and Barbara to have dinner with her tomorrow night '' .
A young woman who looked like Alix , with her two children .
Alix and Eugene on their wedding day .
The schoolboy .
With the metal shutters closed , the dining room was so dark that it seemed still night in there .
The window looked out on the Place Redoute -- it was the only window of the apartment that did .
Beethoven's Fifth was the one on top .
He tried the doors of the bookcase .
Locked .
The clock on the mantel piece was scandalized and ticked so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room .
The suitcases had come while they were out , and had been put in their room , the concierge said .
`` Call the Vouillemont , I guess '' .
`` I guess '' .
It was the end of the afternoon when he took the huge key out of his pocket and inserted it into the keyhole .
When he opened the door , there stood Eugene , on his way out of the apartment .
He did not explain where he was going , and they did not ask .
Instead , they went on down the hall to their room .
`` Do you think he could be having an affair '' ? ?
`` Oh no '' , Harold said , shocked .
`` I know , but there must be some other explanation .
They had Vermouth , sitting in front of a cafe .
When they got home Harold was grateful for the stillness in the apartment , and thought how , under different circumstances , they might have stayed on here , in these old-fashioned , high-ceilinged rooms that reminded him of the Irelands' apartment in the East Eighties .
He felt them .
He reached out and felt the bath towel hanging on the towel rack over the tub .
Damp also .
He looked around the room and then called out : `` Come here , quick '' ? ?
Barbara asked , standing in the doorway .
`` I've solved the mystery of the little bag .
There it is and there is what was in it .
That boat in the river , maybe '' .
`` What boat '' ? ?
`` There's a big boat anchored near the Place De La Concorde , with a swimming pool in it -- didn't you notice it ? ?
But if he has time to go swimming , he had time to be with us '' .
She looked at him in surprise .
`` I know '' , he said , reading her mind .
So something like this matters more than it would at home .
`` I don't think it was that , really '' .
I wish I did .
They took Jesus's body , then , and wrapped it in winding-clothes with the spices ; ;
In his concept there could be no one else present .
When might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap ? ?
Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground , while Joseph of Arimathea was at Pontius Pilate's asking for Christ's body , Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes , and the others had gone home to mourn .
Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses .
There would be no halos , no angels .
These would be two human beings , whom God had chosen .
He felt close to Mary , having spent so long concentrating on the beginning of her journey .
Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross .
only what Mary felt for her son .
Jesus' inert body would be passive , his eyes closed .
Mary would have to carry the human communication .
This seemed right to him .
It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems .
His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion , yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child .
There was only one way to accomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept .
He started by making free sketches to loosen up his thinking so that images would appear on paper .
At the same time he started walking the streets , peering at the people passing or shopping at the stalls , storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like , how they moved .
In particular he sought the gentle , sweet-faced nuns , with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads , remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper .
He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud .
They can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone '' .
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked .
The colony had been small until the Spanish Inquisition of 1492 drove many Jews into Rome .
The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose .
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation .
I cannot accomplish this if you will not help me '' .
`` What kind of models would you prefer '' ? ?
With intelligence .
I will send you the best the quarter has to offer '' .
Michelangelo hurried to Sangallo's solitary bachelor room with his sketches , asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated Madonna .
Sangallo studied the drawings and improvised a trestle couch .
Michelangelo bought some scrap lumber .
He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe , so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes .
He then draped him over the rough stand , explained that he was supposed to be recently dead , and was being held on his mother's lap .
Mary presented quite a different problem .
Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men , he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy ; ;
He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes .
Here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms .
When he wanted to emphasize , or get greater intensity , he added or subtracted clay .
He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; ;
the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull .
When carving he was charged with spontaneous energy ; ;
too careful or detailed studies in clay and wax would have glued him down to a mere enlarging of his model .
The true surge had to be inside the marble itself .
10 .
The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice .
`` Argiento , this is senseless '' , he complained , not liking to work on the wet floors , particularly in cold weather .
That's enough '' .
`` No '' , said Argiento stolidly .
Before dawn .
Grumbled Michelangelo ; ;
The boy was becoming acquainted with the contadini families that brought produce into Rome .
frequently he would take his leave of Michelangelo by announcing :
He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim , when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil .
He stumbled into the house , eyes burning like fire .
He assumed he could blink the splinter out .
But it would not come .
By the second day Michelangelo began to worry ; ;
He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a large vein under its wing , let the blood gush into Michelangelo's injured eye .
The surgeon came back at dusk , cut the vein of a second pigeon , again washed out the eye .
The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound .
The child was gone .
When Juanita awoke , Kate was still rocking the dead child , still crooning in disbelief , `` No , no , oh , no ! !
He sat beside Kate's bed with the others throughout the morning , talking , talking of God's will , while Kate lay staring angrily at him .
`` Trouble never comes but in threes '' .
They held the funeral the next morning from the crossroads church and buried the little box in the quiet family plot .
In blind panic of grief she accepted Jonathan's dictum , and believed in her desperation that she had been cursed by God .
She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done .
She had even steeled herself to keep Juanita upstairs in the nurse's room off the empty nursery , although the girl tried to insist on moving back to the quarters to spare Kate remembrance of the baby's death .
Juanita drooped about the place , wearing a haunted , brooding look , which Kate attributed to the baby's death , until the day a letter came for her addressed to `` Miss Juanita Fitzroy '' , bearing a Grafton postmark .
Seeing the slanting hand , Kate knew uneasily that it was from the Yankee colonel .
Uncle Randolph and Joel had replanted the bottom lands with difficulty , for more of the slaves , including Annie , had sneaked off when the soldiers broke camp .
She loved him and missed his company .
Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own .
He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies , but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. Lattimer's funeral .
`` Not this old fox '' , chuckled Uncle Randolph .
I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure '' .
`` You're back there riding with the guerrillas , the Moccasin Rangers '' .
Kate had no idea what they were talking of , although she had seen the blue lights and strange fires burning and winking on the ridges at night , had heard horsemen on the River Road and hill trails through the nights till dawn .
He had the hardest pains of growing before him now , as he approached twelve .
These would be his hardest years , she knew , and he missed his father desperately .
He tended the new colts Beau had sired .
No one went much to the crossroads now except Uncle Randolph .
They stayed in their own world on the bluff , waiting for letters and the peddler , bringing the news .
Jonathan wrote grimly of the destruction of Harpers Ferry before they abandoned it ; ;
of their first engagement at Falling Waters after Old Jack's First Brigade had destroyed all the rolling stock of the B & O Railroad .
They won't never git over inter loyal western Virginia , them traitors ! !
The Federals is making everybody take the oath of loyalty around these parts too '' , he crowed .
After he had gone , Kate asked Uncle Randolph proudly , `` Would you take their oath '' ? ?
Maj. Anderson of Fort Sumter is home and recruiting volunteers for the U.S. Army .
In spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral , John Hunt Morgan is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory '' ! !
It had been a big battle , and the Confederate forces had won .
When Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out , she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful .
They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously .
At the landing she saw Juanita , her face flushed pink with excitement , run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door .
Kate greeted him gravely , uneasy with misgivings at his visit .
`` What brings you here again , Colonel Marsh '' ? ?
She asked , taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun .
`` I stopped to say goodbye , Mrs. Lattimer , and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby .
`` As you know , General McClellan has been occupying Beverly .
`` When are you to leave '' ? ?
Kate went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations .
Then she took iced lemonade to Marsh's young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden .
She sought Kate out upstairs , her lips trembling .
`` He wants me to go with him tomorrow '' , she told Kate .
`` No , the decision is yours .
I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr. Lattimer '' .
The things left unsaid they both felt deeply , and with a sigh they fell back on the well-stuffed pillows .
I am getting deaf , I must admit it '' .
She came to the ballroom and stood on the two carpeted steps that led down to it .
`` Where is everyone ? ?
Peter , you lummox , you've forgot to order the musicians '' .
She stood there , a large old woman , smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son .
There were times now , like this , when she lost control of the time count and moved freely back and forth into three generations .
Was it a birthday ball ? ?
Now , driving the horse and sulky borrowed from Mynheer Schuyler , he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move .
He slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held on as the sulky's wheels hit a pothole and came out with a jolt and went on .
There a certain farmhouse was a station for the Sons of Liberty .
And he would sleep , sleep , and never think of roads and horses' sore haunches , of colonial wars .
Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so long .
Mynheer , Sir Francis , the valley society , the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks , and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road .
Ahead there was a stirring of sudden movement at a crossroads .
David reached for the pair of pistols in the saddlebags at his feet .
It was a grotesque hen , five or six feet tall .
It had the features of a man bewhiskered by clumps of loose feathers .
It ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ?
The horse shied at the dreadful thing and flared its nostrils .
David took a firm hand with it .
Then it was gone .
He drove on , wary and shaken .
The Sons were out tonight .
From there it looked across at Westchester County and the Hudson River where the manor houses , estates , and big farms of the original ( non-Indian ) landowners began .
A fringe of housing and gardens bearded the top of the heights , and behind it were sandy roads leading past farms and hayfields .
Husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences , and there were grazing cattle .
On the shores north and south , the fishers and mooncursers -- smugglers -- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand , Fire Island .
The morning hawk , hungry for any eatable , killable , digestible item , kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay , sheltered by the Jersey inlets .
They often threw tidbits overboard .
The larger ships were near Paulus Hook , already being called , by a few , Jersey City .
The fish hawk , his wings not moving , circled and glided lower .
The captain's gig of H.M.S. Mercury was being rowed to H.M.S. Neptune .
On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited .
Below in the open bay facing Manhattan was Staten Island , gritty with clam shells and mud flats behind which nested farms , cattle barns , and berry thickets .
The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight .
Waited for more ships , more lobster-backed infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ?
The road seemed animated with a few more wagons than usual ; ;
He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept .
But it did not matter .
He stropped the razor slowly ; ;
what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born .
war was a smugglers' heaven .
Things like that would increase rather than be done away with .
One had to believe in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing .
Life was a short play of tenebrous shadows .
David began to shave with great sweeping strokes .
Time plays an essential part in our mortality , and suddenly for no reason he could imagine ( or admit ) the image of Peg laughing filled his mind -- so desirable , so lusty , so full of nuances of pleasure and joy .
It is harder , he muttered , to meditate on man ( or woman ) than on God .
More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder .
He felt cheerful again , refreshed ; ;
The future would happen ; ;
And all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley , where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires .
Tolek Alterman had returned from the colonies in Palestine and , before the national leadership , exalted the miracles of drying up swamps and irrigating the desert .
Andrei remembered that his own reaction had been one of indifference .
Had he found the meaning too late ? ?
It aggravated him .
When Alexander Brandel rose to speak , the hall became silent .
`` I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism .
We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity .
This is our singular goal .
How we travel through the forest is for each man's conscience .
It had sounded good to Andrei , but he did not believe it .
Before he went into battle Andrei had told Alex , `` I only want to be a Pole .
Warsaw is my city , not Tel Aviv '' .
Warsaw ! !
Warsaw ! !
I am a Jew '' .
Day by day , week by week , month by month , the betrayal gnawed at Andrei's heart .
I hate Warsaw , he said to himself .
I hate Poland and all the goddamned mothers' sons of them .
Jews .
He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians .
Of all the places in Poland , Andrei hated Lublin the most .
The Bathyrans ran a check on Globocnik and had only to conclude that he was in a tug of war with Hans Frank and the civilian administrators .
As the messages from Himmler , Heydrich , and Eichmann came in through Alfred Funk , Lublin's fountainhead spouted .
Sixty thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into Lublin's web .
Plans went in and out of Lublin , indicating German confusion .
Lipowa 7 , Sobibor , Chelmno , Poltawa , Belzec , Krzywy-Rog , Budzyn , Krasnik .
Ice baths , electric shocks , lashings , wild dogs , testicle crushers .
Lublin was their heart .
The ghetto , a miniature of Warsaw's , was emptied into the camp in the Majdan-Tartarski suburb called Majdanek .
Was Operation Reinhard the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the Umschlagplatz in Warsaw ? ?
Down the boulevard he could see a portion of the ghetto wall .
Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached , homely face of Sergeant Styka .
Styka sat beside him and pumped his hand excitedly .
`` I have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn .
I thought you might get in on a morning train '' .
`` It's good to see you again , Styka '' .
To him , Andrei Androfski had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer .
His captain was thin and haggard and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby .
Styka grumbled about fate .
So we have three children and responsibilities .
I work at the granary .
Who complains ? ?
Many times I tried to reach you , but I never knew how .
I came to Warsaw twice , but there was that damned ghetto wall ''
`` I understand '' .
Styka blew his nose again .
`` Were you able to make the arrangements '' ? ?
Andrei asked .
I did exactly as instructed .
`` Ten thousand zlotys '' .
`` Can he be trusted '' ? ?
`` Good man , Styka '' .
`` Captain Jan must you go inside Majdanek ? ?
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there '' .
Perhaps perhaps there is a shred of conscience left in the human race .
`` I have to believe it '' .
`` I am only a simple soldier .
I cannot think things out too well .
The men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name .
Andrei smiled .
The men of your company would not allow your name dishonored .
The question frightened Andrei .
`` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Styka '' .
Grabski sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown .
Half of it dripped down his chin .
He can make you work papers .
I will get you inside the guard camp as a member of my crew .
Maybe yes , maybe no , but you can observe everything from the roof of a barrack we are building '' .
`` Orders from the Home Army '' .
Andrei shrugged .
Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes .
Grabski had never seen so much money .
His broad flat fingers , petrified into massive sausages by years of bricklaying , snatched the bills clumsily .
`` This ain't enough '' .
`` I ain't taking no goddamned chances for no Jew business '' .
Andrei and Styka were silent .
I didn't want her back on that broken record .
Drunk or sober she was the most attractive woman in the world for me .
We moved down Broadway from ginmill to ginmill .
It was the same old routine .
`` You know I don't like my men to have other women .
I hate it .
`` What about Ballestre '' ? ?
`` Precious .
`` Precious and I allow each other absolute freedom .
We are above being jealous .
`` That really would be funny '' .
We both had hangovers .
There was somebody else in the apartment .
`` Joseph Maria Ballestre meet Francis Xavier Bowman .
`` And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property .
If you want to fight , go down on the sidewalk '' .
Imagine that .
Maybe he felt the same way .
I couldn't face Thelma after that night .
She never said a word about the fifty dollars .
Afterwards I learned that Eileen had called Thelma on the telephone and made a big scene about Thelma trying to take her husband away .
What I did know was that Precious was always around .
He slept in the hall bedroom at the head of the stairs .
`` Who do you think pays the rent ? ?
You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , Eileen said when I needled her about it .
Still I didn't think she was twotiming me with Precious right then .
Precious had me worried .
I'd thought him a pimp or procurer but he didn't seem to be .
He always seemed to have money in his pocket .
The phone had been disconnected but telegrams came for him and notes by special messenger .
`` Oh he's just an international spy '' , Eileen would shout with her screechy laugh .
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either .
He got no relief from drink because , though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening , he'd leave it on the table untouched .
When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess .
She just wouldn't listen .
I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life , but when that was gone I didn't have a cent .
Pat O'Dwyer looked like a heavier Jim .
`` Whom God hath joined '' etcetera .
Pat had been worried as hell ever since she'd lost her job on that fashion magazine .
It had gone big with the Hollywood girls when he told them his sister was an editor of Art And Apparel .
It just about blew us both out of the water when Eileen suddenly came out with what she came out with .
Pat meanwhile was bubbling over with sentiment .
He'd come East for the christening , by God he would .
When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen's hand to help towards a layette .
A friend of Pat's named Frank Sposato had just muscled into the Portwatchers' Union .
One reason the portwatchers let Sposato take them over was to get the protection of his musclemen .
Sposato needed a front , some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the Redhook local .
Sposato couldn't wait to get me hired .
The things a man will do for a woman .
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny .
In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked , telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning .
He was allowed to spend his nights at an inn near the hospital and he was given some extra money to go to the pachinko parlor -- an excellent place to make contact with the enemy .
If he wanted to know anything , he would end up asking about it point-blank , but in this guileless manner he would probably receive more truthful answers than if he tried to get them by indirection .
He had already been studying the Bible ; ;
Rector had never been able to find out much about Hino's past .
Putting the pieces of this mosaic together , Rector had the vague outlines of a biography .
Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast , in Chiba , and divided his life between the land and the sea , supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat .
He had gone into the Japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles -- he never went into detail regarding his military experience -- and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out of the blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian .
often tempted to ask questions but he never did .
If and when Hino decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked .
`` Oh '' ? ?
`` This afternoon '' , the secretary said .
`` All right '' , Rector said .
`` I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers '' , he said .
Rector laughed despite himself .
Rector had no idea why Kayabashi wanted to visit the mission .
For the oyabun to make such a trip was either a sign of great weakness or an indication of equally great confidence , and from all the available information it was probably the latter .
No , Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived .
Rector asked him to move it for the time being ; ;
A good initial impression would be important now .
Rector said .
`` I should say about a hundred thousand '' , Fletcher said .
`` Why '' ? ?
Fletcher nodded as he listened to the instructions and said he would arrange the things Rector requested .
Rector's next stop was at the schoolroom , where Mavis was monitoring a test .
He said .
`` Fifteen '' , she said .
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children .
Do you think you can manage it '' ? ?
`` I'll try '' .
`` I've adjusted the gauge so that the pump cuts out before the water gets too low .
He looked out over the expanse of the compound .
It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it .
`` Have you ever operated a transit '' ? ?
`` You are about to become a first-class surveyor '' , Rector said .
Johnson nodded .
It was rather a childish game , all in all , but everybody seemed to be getting into the spirit of the thing and he could not remember when he had enjoyed planning anything quite so much .
He was not going to lose the mission by default , and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission , he was going to be in for a surprise .
When everything had been done , Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three o'clock .
Then Rector , attired in his best blue serge suit , sat in a chair out on the lawn , in the shade of a tree , smoking a cigarette and waiting .
The fish took the bait .
But when she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new entanglement .
She was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed .
His lordship was concerned in the management of Drury Lane but , if there were no opportunities there , would he read and criticize her novel ? ?
Have you any objection to the following plan ? ?
She opened his reply with trembling fingers he agreed ! !
There was one of the new forte-pianos in the room and , as Claire rose to go , he asked her to sing him one song before she left .
She had never sung better .
`` Tomorrow will be a new experience -- I have never before made love to a nightingale .
And so they went , he choosing of all places an inn near Medmenham Abbey , scene a generation ago of the obscene orgies of the Hellfire Club .
He regaled Claire with an account of the mock mass performed by the cassocked bloods , which he had had at firsthand from old Bud Dodington , one of the leaders of the so-called `` Order '' .
The casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison .
Charming and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure ? ?
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers .
To be passive , to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd .
And while her Adonis did not suffer from inexperience , satiety might well be an equal handicap .
Mystery -- that was the thing .
In the bedroom she would insist on darkness .
At the inn , which was situated close to a broad weir , Byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as `` milord '' .
The fire in the sitting room was lighted .
`` We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney , milord , but I promise you you'll never have trouble of that sort again '' .
A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port .
`` The great Greek tragedies are concerned with man against Fate , not man against man for the prize of a woman's body .
So don't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance '' .
Byron laughed .
Frankly , I don't care '' .
For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind .
`` Very well '' , she said , `` I'll not catechize you .
No man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed , with one so favored , flattery could hardly seem overdone .
Brains and beauty , high position in both the social and intellectual worlds , athlete , fabled lover -- if ever the world was any man's oyster it was his .
Her lips , moist and parted , spoke his name .
His hand went to her shoulder and pushed aside the knotted scarf that surmounted the striped poplin gown ; ;
then , to better purpose , he took hold of the knot and with dextrous fingers , untied it .
It was an excellent vintage .
He rose and went to the bedroom .
Pausing in the doorway he said : `` The form of the human female , unlike her mind and her spirit , is the most challenging loveliness in all nature '' .
`` Although it is not the best of which he is capable '' , said Shelley as he closed the book , `` it is still poetry of a high order '' .
`` If he would only leave the East '' , said Mary .
`` How do you know that '' ? ?
`` I mustn't tell , I mustn't tell '' , she repeated to herself .
`` I promised him I wouldn't '' .
winter came , and with it Mary's baby -- a boy as she had wished .
At the same time another child -- this one of Shelley's brain -- was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's musings .
Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation .
`` And in the future , since I write for a public of one , I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money '' .
`` How can you say such a thing ? ?
I am sure he is in raptures '' .
`` Poor Mr. Thynne , he always has to be trotted out for my encouragement '' .
Not everyone is bewitched by Byron's caliphs and harem beauties '' .
Mary's supercritical attitude toward Byron had nothing to do with his moral disrepute .
She was resentful of his easy success as compared with Shelley's failure .
The lordly poet was at low-water mark .
The previous scandals , gaily diverting as they were , had only served to increase his popularity .
He tried defiance and openly flaunted his devotion to his half sister , but he soon saw , as did she , that this course if persisted in would involve them in a common ruin .
For the moment there was no woman in his life , and it was this vacuum that had given Claire her opportunity .
But the liaison successfully started in the last days of autumn was now languishing .
Beckworth handed the pass to the colonel .
-- You heard me .
It's got to stop .
I want to take a look .
Beckworth left the tent .
Below he could see the bright torches lighting the riverbank .
The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail .
A crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor .
The plank floor was slimed beneath Watson's boots .
There was no place to sit , but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window slits and back , stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams .
The man had come floundering aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant , brandishing the flag of truce .
An officer with a squad of men had been waiting on the bank .
When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers .
Watson had presented his pouch and been led to the bombproof .
The officer had told him that both lists must be checked .
Watson had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass .
He wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange , no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt .
Though Watson carefully ignored the man , he could not deny his presence .
Perhaps it would be better to speak to him , since silence could not exorcise his form .
If my pass is approved , I may be a half hour .
He had acknowledged the man .
He tried to order the words of the three Union officers , seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy .
His lack of success steadily eroded his interest .
A feeling of futility , an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known , seeped through him .
Why had he crossed the dark water , to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole ? ?
He was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity .
Hillman had written it all out , hadn't he ? ?
What did he hope to accomplish here ? ?
To tell John something he would find out for himself .
The figure in the corner belched loudly , a deep , liquid eruption .
He clutched the staff , and his dark eyes blinked apologetically .
-- 'scuse me , sir .
-- Let's get out of here .
To his left , the two skiffs dented their sharp bows into the soft bank .
A soldier held the end of a frayed rope .
The thin gray figures raised a hoarse , cawing cry like the call of a bird flock .
The crawling men tried to rise and fell again .
The third crawling man forced himself erect .
He paced forward unsteadily , leaning too far back , his head tilted oddly .
He appeared to be peering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom .
He stalked into the water and fell heavily over the side of the flat-bottomed barge , his weight nearly swamping the craft .
The figure on the earth halted , seemingly bewildered .
The man began to creep in the wrong direction , deceived by a slight rise in the ground ! !
The guards came to life with astonishing menace .
One man dropped to his knee for better aim .
The guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at Watson with sullen , puzzled faces .
Watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped , panting heavily .
Watson stared into a cadaverous face .
Two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids .
Light sticks of fingers , the tips gummy with dark earth , patted at Watson's throat .
-- no .
-- It don't matter .
Is it far ? ?
How far could it be , Watson thought bleakly , how far can a blind man crawl ? ?
Another body length or all the rest of his nighted life ? ?
-- You talk deep .
It raises the voice , bein in camp .
You Secesh ? ?
-- yes .
Come on , now .
Can you walk ? ?
Watson stumbled down the bank .
He was no heavier than a child .
The man wheezed weakly , his fetid breath beating softly against Watson's neck .
His sweet whisper came after great effort .
-- hush .
Watson supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff .
-- Henry ? ?
Where are you , Henry ? ?
Watson spoke bewilderedly to the dark night flecked with pine-knot torches .
Intelligence jabbed at him accusingly .
All his emotions had been inward , self-conscious .
In war , on a night like this , it was only the outward emotions that mattered , what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others .
Yes .
That was it .
He was sure of it .
What did it matter ? ?
Already his cool body lay in the ground .
What had he thought of , to go to John , grovel and beg understanding ? ?
What right had John to any special consideration ? ?
Let him chafe with impatience to see Charles , rip open the note with trembling hands and read the formal report in Hillman's beautiful , schoolmaster's hand .
He had stupidly thought himself compelled to ease his brother's pain .
It was built by the Pasterns , and stands on the acre of ground that adjoins our property .
She was a pale woman .
Sitting on her terrace , sitting in her parlor , sitting anywhere , she ground an axe of self-esteem .
Offer her a cup of tea and she would say , `` Why , these cups look just like a set I gave to the Salvation Army last year '' .
Show her the new swimming pool and she would say , slapping her ankle , `` I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic mosquitoes '' .
These trumps were more touching than they were anything else , and seemed to imply that the nights were long , her children ungrateful , and her marriage bewilderingly threadbare .
Twenty years ago , she would have been known as a golf widow , and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bereavement .
She usually wore weeds , and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr. Pastern was dead , but Mr. Pastern was far from dead .
He was marching up and down the locker room of the Grassy Brae Golf Club shouting , `` Bomb Cuba ! !
He was brigadier of the club's locker-room light infantry , and at one time or another declared war on Russia , Czechoslovakia , Yugoslavia , and China .
One might pretend never to have seen one before , or , to more purpose , that there would never be another like it .
The clear and searching sweep of sun on the lawns was like a climax of the year's lights .
The boundless blue air was stretched over the zenith like the skin of a drum .
Mrs. Pastern had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts .
Charity as she knew it was complex and reciprocal , and almost every roof she saw signified charity .
Mrs. Horowitz was in charge of diseases of the nose and throat .
Mrs. Trempler was tuberculosis , Mrs. Surcliffe was Mothers' March of Dimes , Mrs. Craven was cancer , and Mrs. Gilkson did the kidney .
Mrs. Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. Ryerson was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littleton's house , a roof that signified gout .
it was her life .
Her mother had done it before her , and even her old grandmother , who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers .
Mrs. Pastern had telephoned most of her neighbors in advance , and most of them were ready for her .
She experienced none of the suspense of some poor stranger selling encyclopedias .
She stopped at the Surcliffes' after dusk , and had a Scotch-and-soda .
I want to get my kit in tomorrow morning -- would you mind doing them while I cook the dinner '' ? ?
`` But I don't know the Flannagans '' , Charlie Pastern said .
`` Nobody does , but they gave me ten last year '' .
The name encouraged him , because he always felt that he could handle the Irish .
`` Infectious hepatitis '' , he shouted heartily .
She was not a girl , he could see .
`` And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money , that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook .
Where was Mr. Flannagan , he wondered .
Travelling home on a late train ? ?
`` I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting '' , she said , `` but won't you make yourself a little drink while you wait ? ?
Everything's on the table '' .
`` Mr. Flannagan is away '' , she said .
''
`` If you will promise to make it weak '' .
The only way to find things is to relax '' .
She and her husband had formerly lived in New York , where she had many friends , but Mr. Flannagan thought the country would be safer in case of war .
She would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom .
She had no children ; ;
she had made no friends .
`` I've seen you , though , before '' , she said with enormous coyness , patting his knee .
''
Sheer plumpness , he knew , is not a vital part of the body and has no procreative functions .
The remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he didn't know what to make of them , but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there .
Her voice shook with feeling , and he thought it lovely .
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , waiting for the elevator in the hotel corridor .
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , pouring another whiskey .
`` It's after eleven '' .
`` She told me he was in Germany '' .
`` He came home unexpectedly '' .
Charlie ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news .
`` Bomb them '' ! !
Show them who's boss '' ! !
He thought first of his son and daughter , away at college .
It was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known .
His money was tied up in a Nassau hotel , an Ohio pottery works , and a detergent for window-washing , and luck had been running against him .
His worries harried him up out of bed , and he lighted a cigarette and went to the window .
During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga .
It was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years , not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil ; ;
that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages , two births , one divorce ) , Christmas and Easter cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years .
She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright , like a bird alert for flight .
She turned and walked stiffly into the parlor to the dainty-legged escritoire , warped and cracked now from fifty years in an atmosphere of sea spray .
Once her trembling hand , with the pen grasped tight in it , was pressed against the paper the words came sharply , smoothly , as authoritatively as they would dropping from her own lips .
To Abel : `` I am afraid there is not much to amuse small children here .
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' .
She signed the letters quickly , stamped them , and placed them on the hall table for Raphael to mail in town .
Then she went back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water .
She smiled , and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face .
`` Um '' , said the old lady , and brought her eyes down to the tray .
`` Yes '' , she said , `` I remember that they came here every summer .
Abel '' ? ?
The name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips .
For an instant the old aunt felt something indefinable flash through her smile .
She would have said triumph .
Then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen .
When the fate of the individual is visited on the group , then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently ) , ah , then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted .
She swung her eyes up to the blue of the window , her jaws gently mashing the bitter beans .
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies .
But the boy the boy had been alive yesterday .
Each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the unreeling film inside her .
He ran on his plump sticks of legs , freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs , all carefully placed and glued and labeled , resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire .
The brothers drove down together in Mark's small red sports car , Mark at the wheel .
And it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger , impervious , complete in itself .
There was stability there , too -- a color which his life had had once .
What bad grace , what incredible selfishness he and Mark had shown .
They had closed over , absolutely , with the sealing of old Izaak's grave .
The small car flew on relentlessly .
The old woman , stubbornly reigning in the house above the crashing waters took on an ominous reality .
Abel moved and adjusted his long legs .
He and Mark were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer .
Mark held the wheel loosely , but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he'd make in the years to come .
Mark easily looked years older than himself , settled , his world comfortably categorized .
The vacation traffic was becoming heavier as they approached the sea .
`` She's probably getting old -- crotchety , I mean -- and we figured uh-uh , better not .
They've never met , you know .
He gave Abel a quick glance and moved closer to the wheel , hugging it to him , and Abel caught this briefest of allusions to guilt .
There was the smell of the coast , like a primeval memory , composed of equal parts salt water , clams , seaweed and northern air .
The two of them had developed into a remarkable sailing team all of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could .
They seemed then to have had a single mind and body , a mutuality which had been accepted with the fact of their youth , casually .
The Starbird had been long at the bottom of the bay .
Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
His eyes were old and they never saw well , but heated with whisky they'd glare at my noise , growing red and raising up his rage .
Oh he'd not care about the Pedersen kid .
That would make him mad enough if he was sober .
I didn't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen .
He was all shoveled up like I thought he'd be .
I pushed at his shoulder , calling his name .
I think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move except to roll a little when I shoved him .
I was leaning too far over .
He always slept close to the wall so you had to lean to reach him .
Oh he was smart .
When his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck , watering my eyes , and I backed off to cough .
Pa was on his side , looking at me , his eyes winking , the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow .
`` Get the hell out of here '' .
I didn't say anything , trying to get my throat clear , but I watched him .
He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear .
He was bitter when he missed .
`` Get the hell out of here '' .
He told me to wake you '' .
Get out of here '' .
`` The kid's froze good .
`` Nothing to steal from the crib '' .
`` Not stealing , Pa .
That's where he was when Hans found him '' .
`` You don't understand , Pa .
`` I goddamn well understand '' .
`` I goddamn well understand .
Why should I ? ?
What did he come for , hey ? ?
God dammit , get .
And don't come back .
Find out something .
Both you and Hans .
That cock .
Out .
Out '' .
He was shouting and breathing hard and closing his fist on the pillow .
They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt .
`` Big Hans made me come .
Fat , hey ? ?
I taught him , dammit , and I'll teach you .
You want me to drop my pot '' ? ?
He was about to get up so I got out , slamming the door .
Then he threw things .
He didn't even bother to wipe himself off and he chopped part of Pa's door down before he stopped .
He might not have gone that far if Pa hadn't been locked in laughing fit to shake the house .
I heard Pa cursing all the way downstairs .
He was rubbing snow on the kid's legs and feet .
`` Ain't he going to wake up '' ? ?
`` Well '' ? ?
What's he going to do '' ? ?
`` Go back to sleep most likely '' .
`` Listen to me , Jorge , I've had enough to your sassing .
If I don't get some whisky down him he might die .
`` Jorge '' .
He don't care at all , and I don't care to get my head busted neither .
He don't care , and I don't care to have his shit flung on me .
Not Pedersen's kid neither .
Not the kid neither '' .
Not for years .
The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he'd cut her with a boot cleat , and maybe she saw him heaving it again , the dirty sock popping out as it flew .
If we had , then one of us would have had to go instead .
I thought she'd gone upstairs and expected to hear she had .
He was awful angry because he'd thought Ma was going to do something big , something heroic even , especially for her I know him I know him we felt the same sometimes while Ma wasn't thinking about that at all , not anything like that .
There was no way of getting even .
It wasn't like getting cheated at the fair .
He was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she'd done .
He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it .
Sometimes he didn't seem to because he hid them so well he couldn't find them himself or because he looked and didn't find anything and figured he hadn't hid one after all or had drunk it up .
If he found out Ma found it -- that'd be bad .
It was all the pride he had .
But he didn't figure Ma for much .
Hans poured some in a tumbler .
`` Why not ? ?
That's what he needs , something warm to his skin , don't he '' ? ?
`` Not where he's froze good .
You ought to know that '' .
`` What are we going to do with these '' ? ?
Big Hans began pouring whisky in the kid's mouth but his mouth filled without any getting down his throat and in a second it was dripping from his chin .
`` Come on , Jorge '' .
`` All right '' .
The skin on his neck was tight .
He'll choke '' .
`` His throat's shut .
`` I can't '' .
Put your arms around him '' .
Hans had his fingers in the kid's mouth .
`` Shut up .
Just hold him like I told you '' .
He was cold all right , and wet .
He was in his mid-fifties at this time , long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again , and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing .
it was always the same unqualified success now .
He could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values .
This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks , some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist .
The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; ;
His files , desk , drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos .
But he was not bored at all ; ;
There are , after all , fortunate souls who hear everything , but only know how to listen to what is good for them , and Stowey was , as things go , a fortunate man .
He left his home the day after New Year's wearing a mackinaw and sheepskin mittens and without a hat .
He would wear this same costume in Florida , despite his wife Cleota's reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him .
But he was too busy to hear what she was saying .
So they parted when she was in an impatient humor .
When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window .
Finding the key under his shoe , he started the engine , and while it warmed up he turned to her standing there in the dripping fog , and said , `` Defrost the refrigerator '' .
an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it .
And she was made to fall in love with him again there in the rutted dirt driveway standing in the cold fog , mad as she was at his going away when he really didn't have to , mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by .
She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves .
But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value .
`` Now drive carefully , for God's sake '' ! !
Then , when he had it pointed down the hill , he stopped to gaze at her through the window .
He looked at her out of himself , she thought , as he did only for an instant at a time , the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine-choked lungs , the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the Tate Gallery on a Thursday once .
Now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said `` Toot '' ! !
Once more and roared off into the fog , his foot evidently surprising him with the suddenness with which it pressed the accelerator , just as his hand did when he worked .
There is a death in all partings , she knew , and promptly put it out of her mind .
and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire .
She stood up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests .
She knew she was feeling afraid and inwardly laughed at herself .
They were both so young , after all , so unready for any final parting .
How could it have been thirty years already , she wondered ? ?
But yes , nineteen plus thirty was forty-nine , and she was forty-nine and she had been married at nineteen .
She stood still over the leg of lamb , rubbing herbs into it , quite suddenly conscious of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath , a sensation of violence that started her shivering .
Enjoy being a bride while you can '' .
So Linda Kay gave up asking , and accepted her reprieve .
Without saying so , she was really grateful ; ;
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as Bobby Joe's wife .
She had done all the things she had promised herself she would do , but she had not thought of this .
Bobby Joe was gone all day now , not coming in for dinner and sometimes not for supper .
When they first married he had been working in the fields all day , and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working , to take him a fresh hot meal .
Now there was no work in the fields , nor would there be till it rained , and she did not know where he went .
Not that she complained , or had any cause to .
Four or five of the cousins from East Texas were about his age , so naturally they ran around together .
There was no reason for her to ask what they did .
Thus a new pattern of days began to develop , for Granny Albright did not die .
sometimes she opened her eyes and looked around , and sometimes she took a little milk or soup .
They stopped expecting her to die the next minute , but only in the next day or two .
Bobby Joe and the boys would come by , say `` How's Granny '' ? ?
The women and children stayed at the Albrights' .
The women , keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room , sounded like chickens shut up in a coop for the night .
The dust clogged their throats , and the heat parched them , so that the women were always making ice water .
They had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty-pound blocks of ice in town , as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there .
Cousin John '' ! !
`` Cousin Lura '' ! !
`` And how is she '' ? ?
We came on as soon as we could '' .
She filled a big pitcher and set it , with glasses , on a tray .
Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room .
`` She married our baby boy , Bobby Joe , this summer '' .
`` Let's see '' , Cousin Ada said .
`` He's ten years younger than Ernest .
then , hearing the muffled boom of Howard's laughter , blushed redder .
`` Who is Howard , anyway '' ? ?
`` Oh he's a second cousin or something .
`` How old is he '' ? ?
He's been married and got this half-grown kid .
He's just a big windbag '' .
He was talking about antelope again when they woke up .
`` Listen , I never had a chance to kill an antelope .
There never was a season before , but now they want to thin 'em out on account of the drouth '' .
`` Did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ?
`` Who '' ? ?
`` We're going after ice '' , Howard said , `` and thought maybe you'd go along and keep us company '' .
There was really no reason to refuse , and Linda Kay had never ridden in a Cadillac .
In her sophomore year she had started going steady with Bobby Joe , who was a football player , Future Homemakers sweetheart , and president of Future Farmers .
But there was no need for Linda Kay to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for Bobby Joe and ( blushing ) raise his children .
Then he told Linda Kay about himself .
Of course he couldn't say much , really , because of Debora , but Linda Kay could imagine what kind of woman his wife had been and what a raw deal he had got .
She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been , but he brought one of the cousins home for supper , and all they did was talk about antelope .
Bobby Joe was trying to get Linda Kay to say she would cook one if he brought it home .
`` Cook a whole antelope '' ? ?
I never even saw any '' .
`` Oh , you could .
Linda Kay felt like going off to the bedroom to cry ; ;
They all sat around and drank ice water , and the men smoked , and everybody had a good time .
After they had left , some of the people moved around , to find more comfortable places to sit .
Howard , who had been sitting against the wall , said he needed more fresh air , and took the spot on the edge of the porch where Bobby Joe had been sitting .
`` You'll be a darn sight more comfortable there , Howard '' , Ernest said , laughing , and they all laughed .
Bobby Joe had been sitting close to her , touching her actually , and holding her hand from time to time , but it seemed at once that Howard sat much closer .
He had sold oil stock to Bob Hope and Bing Crosby in person ; ;
Alex asked .
`` That will have to be in the hotel '' , the doctor retorted , confirming Alex's anticipations .
`` What I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help smuggle the hen back into the hotel '' .
The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel , room number nine , to initiate Alex further into these undertakings .
to Alex they were merely six not unusual hens' eggs .
There was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; ;
in an instant the doctor was stalking across the room with an antique ledger in his hands , thoroughly eared and big as a table top .
He placed it on Alex's lap .
That first entry there is the Vermont Flumenophobe , the earliest and one of the most successful of my eighty-three varieties -- great big scapulars and hardly any primaries at all .
The ledger was full of most precise information : date of laying , length of incubation period , number of chick reaching the first week , second week , fifth week , weight of hen , size of rooster's wattles and so on , all scrawled out in a hand that looked more Chinese than English , the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen .
But after the doctor's return that night Alex could see , from the high window in his own room , the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels , apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen .
A knocking at Alex's door roused him at six o'clock the following morning .
It was the doctor , dressed and ready for the expedition to the market , and Alex was obliged to prepare himself in haste .
The doctor stood about , waiting for Alex to dress , with a show of impatience , and soon they were moving , as quietly as could be , through the still-dark hallways , past the bedroom of the patronne , and so into the street .
The market was not far and , once there , the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him .
It was a fine broody hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen .
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets .
Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who , for all his care , manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled .
`` Bonjour , messieurs , vous etes matinals '' , she greeted them pleasantly .
`` Vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors '' ? ?
Ejaculated the surprised woman , looking at Alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work .
When Alex entered his room , the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case , six eggs ready for the hen's attentions .
There was no reference to the incident on the stairs , his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business .
One part of her audience was totally engaged , the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic , the other part , the guest of the connoisseur , attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand .
The spectacle progressed towards a denouement which was obviously still remote ; ;
Startled , he jumped up to pull hen and case out of view , and Alex went to the door .
`` Who was that , young feller '' ? ?
`` That was the fille de chambre , the one you thought couldn't get the eggs out .
She looked mighty interested , though .
Anyhow she's coming back in five minutes to do the room '' .
The doctor's mind was working at a great speed ; ;
they climbed the stairs which creaked , very loudly to their sensitive ears , and reached the next floor .
A guest was locking his room ; ;
they passed behind him and got to Alex's room unnoticed .
The doctor sat down rather wearily , caressing the hen and remarking that the city was not the place for a poultry-loving man , but no sooner was the remark out than a knock at this door obliged him to cover the hen with his greatcoat once more .
they listened and suddenly a step towards the door announced another important fact .
The doctor shot down to the lavatory and turned the doorknob , but to no effect : the lavatory was occupied .
Although a look of alarm passed over his face , he did not arrest his movements but disappeared into the shower room just as the chambermaid emerged from number nine .
The events of the last quarter of an hour , mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of coop and barnyard , had overcome the doctor's hen and she gave out a series of cackly wails , perhaps mourning her nest , but briefly enjoyed .
The doctor's wits had not left him , however , for all his sixty-eight years , and the wails were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the showerhead .
Alex nodded to the maid as though nothing unusual were taking place and entered the doctor's room .
Shortly , the doctor himself entered , his hair somewhat wet from the shower , but evidently satisfied with the outcome of their adventures .
Next , the hen was nested and all seemed well .
`` Chickens have short memories '' , the doctor remarked , `` that's why they are better company than most people I know '' , and he went on to break some important news to Alex .
They've got a big vulture from Tanganika at the zoo here , with a wife for him , too , very rare birds , both of them , the only Vulturidae of their species outside Africa .
In the kitchen , Leona , his little young wife , was reading the morning paper .
Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool .
The enormous plates which had held Mr. Jack's four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink .
`` Can't you see I'm busy '' ? ?
She looked at him impudently over the corner of the paper .
Leona '' ! !
bending , he touched her knee .
She twitched her leg away .
She had an alley cat's manners .
Then he spread out the last list on the counter .
Winston took out a pencil , admired the point , and wrote slowly and heavily , `` Clothes Stand '' .
`` I guess I better get ready to go '' .
Winston watched her fumbling to untie her apron .
Carefully , he undid the bow .
`` How come your bows is always cockeyed '' ? ?
`` Now listen to that '' .
`` What room is there going to be in an apartment for any child '' ? ?
`` I don't mean Miss Ada ! !
What you think I care about that ? ?
I mean our children '' .
All the time in the world .
`` That's a long time , waiting '' .
Although it had seemed a good reason , to begin with : no couple could afford to have children .
too young and thin and straight .
Winston hurried through the swinging door .
`` I've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. Jack complained .
He was standing in front of the mirror , tightening his tie .
`` This coat looks like a rag heap '' .
Winston took the clothesbrush out of the closet and went to work .
He gave Mr. Jack a real going-over ; ;
he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long , firm strokes .
`` Hey '' ! !
Then he stood back to look at Mr. Jack , who was pulling on his pigskin gloves .
he wore his clothes with style .
At home , he wouldn't even wash his hands for supper , and he wandered around the yard in a pair of sweaty old corduroys .
The velvet smoking jackets , pearl-gray , wine , and blue , which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet .
`` Good-by , Winston '' , Mr. Jack said , giving a final set to his hat .
For the first time , he be sad about the move .
Ten years ago , he had come to the house to be interviewed .
Miss Ada had been out back , in a straw hat , planting flowers .
She had talked to him right there , with the hot sun in his face , which made him sweat and feel ashamed .
Winston had been surprised at her for that .
She had dug a hole for each bulb , each tree wore a tag with her writing on it ; ;
Somehow Winston didn't think she'd take to window boxes .
He had a thousand things to see to .
the snail is pulling in her horns .
She was looking out at the garden .
she had on her Easter suit , blue , with lavender binding .
Halfway across the house , he could have smelled her morning perfume .
It hung in all her day clothes , sweet and strong ; ;
sometimes when he was pressing , Winston raised her dresses to his face .
`` Well , let's see .
He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it .
Winston folded the tissue paper carefully .
`` He's used it every day ; ;
every morning , I lay out his clothes on it '' .
Leave that fool picture out '' , she added sharply .
`` Mr. Jack sets store by that '' .
But she went on down the list .
those presents had been on his mind .
`` You know what she likes , Winston '' , he had said wearily , one evening in November when Winston was pulling off his overshoes .
You mean picture of me '' ? ?
Through the door , he had seen Mr. Jack walking around , waiting for Miss Ada .
Mr. Jack had said , `` You look about fifteen years old '' .
`` I don't know '' .
`` Lovie , you make me feel naked '' .
`` You look like that picture I have at the office '' , Mr. Jack had started .
`` Not a line , not a wrinkle .
`` Darling , I love that photograph .
`` I guess it's children make a woman old .
A man gets old anyhow '' .
After a minute he went on , `` People must think the curse is on me , seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray '' .
Make the man put them in if he has to '' .
After that they had sat for five minutes without saying a word .
Then Miss Ada had stood up , rustling and rustling , and gone upstairs .
During the rest of the summer my scholarly mania for making plaster casts and spatter prints of Catskill flowers and leaves was all but surpassed by the constantly renewed impressions of Jessica that my mind served up to me for contemplation and delight .
Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp , the packing away of my camp uniforms , the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world .
My memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink , scented stationery and the unsloped , almost printed configurations of her neat , studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer , so many sentences beginning with `` Remember when ; ;
'' and others concerning camp friends who resided in her suburban neighborhood , , and news of her commencing again her piano lessons , her private school , a visit to Boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough , wounded , from the war in Europe .
In my letters I took on a personality that differed from the self I knew in real life .
The letters took their source from a stream of my imagination in which I was transformed into a young man not unlike my bunkmate Eliot Sands -- he of the porch steps anecdotes -- who smoked cigarettes , performed the tango , wore fifty dollar suits , and sneaked off into the dark with girls to do unimaginable things with them .
They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again .
As it turned out , Jessica took matters into her own hands .
Having received permission to give a camp reunion-Halloween party , she asked that I come and be her date .
I went and , mum and nervous , all but made a fool of myself .
I remember standing in a corner , watching Jessica act the hostess , serving soft drinks to her guests .
Yet a moment did come that night when the adventurous letter writer and fantasist seemed to stride off my flashy pages , out of my mind , and plant himself in reality .
The kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had released in me all the remote , exciting premonitions of lust , all the mysterious sensations that I had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me .
Later , we agreed to think of how we wished to spend that night .
We would write to one another and make a definite plan .
She was terribly pleased .
But though I boasted and gave off a dapper front , I was beneath it all frightened .
Should I bring along a corsage or send one to her ? ?
When in one letter Jessica informed me that her father did not like the idea of her going out alone on New Year's Eve , I knew for a moment an immense relief ; ;
Her optimism gave me heart .
I made inquiries , I read a book of etiquette .
We would attend a film and , later on , I stated , we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti's for waffles .
I set the hour of our meeting for seven .
My camp-made leather wallet , bulky with twisted , raised stitches around the edges , I stuffed with money I had been saving .
Times Square , when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers ( all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members ) , was nearly impassable , the sidewalks swarming with celebrants , with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey .
Heavy-coated , severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses along the curbside to prevent the revellers from spilling out in front of the crawling traffic .
Cardboard noisemakers , substitutes for the unavailable tin models , were being hawked and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along Broadway , and one's ears were continually serenaded by the horns' rasps and bleats .
His neighbors cheered him on .
How did one join them ? ?
I felt for my wallet .
Suppose her father had changed his mind and had refused to let her leave ? ?
All about me there was a hectic interplay of meetings taking place , like abrupt , jerky scenes in old silent movies , joyous greetings and beginnings , huggings and kissings , enthusiastic forays into the festive night .
At 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps , carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed epaulets and spic , red-visored caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd .
There were thirty-eight patients on the bus the morning I left for Hanover , most of them disturbed and hallucinating .
We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital .
She knew also that I was unmarried and without a single known relative .
She wasn't quite sure that I felt enough remorse about my drinking , or that I would not return to it once I was out and on my own again .
`` You must have loved that girl very much , but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her '' .
Nonsense ! !
I grew up in an Irish neighborhood on Chicago's West Side .
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of .
`` You are young , intelligent , have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself , but you mess it up with whiskey , indifference , self-destructive attitudes .
I wanted to go to college , too '' --
`` Why didn't you '' ? ?
I asked .
`` Chicago has some of the best '' --
`` That's what I mean about you , Anderson '' , she said .
`` You don't seem to know much about reality .
They even pay me six dollars a month .
I think it's a good deal .
I'm going to become a good nurse , and I've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I'm an old maid to give it to them '' .
`` What about your father and mother , don't you think of them when you're in a place like this '' ? ?
`` My father and mother died when I was two years old '' , I said .
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face .
`` I'm sorry '' , she said .
We've always been so close '' .
Her eyes became bright as she talked about her father and mother , aunts and uncles , cousins .
Listening , I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can .
When she had finished I said :
`` Your dad sounds like a good father and a good policeman .
I'll bet he wouldn't be pleased if a rumdum like me were to ask his daughter for a date -- I mean , after I'm out of the hospital , a month or so from now '' .
He's a pretty good judge of character , Anderson .
I don't think he'd mind too much if he were sure you'd decided not to be a rumdum in the future '' .
How would you feel about it if I were to ask you for a date when I get through at Hanover '' ? ?
As for that other girl , let's just say that I never want to see her again .
You will get to come home on long weekends from Hanover , won't you '' ? ?
`` Do you like to dance ? ?
`` I like to dance '' , she said , then turned and walked away .
There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me .
I knew that .
Only two people in the state of Illinois knew that I was entering Hanover State Hospital under an assumed name , or why .
I wondered suddenly as I listened to the disconnected jabberings coming from the patient behind me , if I had not perhaps imagined it all .
a figment of Carl Anderson's imagination .
I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask Tony .
It was a bad play , real grade-A turkey , which only a prevalence of angels with grandiose dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal .
No one , not even the producer , had any real hope of getting it back to Broadway .
The critics literally screamed their indignation .
Out of the entire cast I alone received good notices for my portrayal of a psychopathic killer .
We were paid off Tuesday morning and given tickets back to New York .
It seemed to me that my life was destined to be one brilliant failure after another .
It seemed to me that I was not only unlucky but quite stupid as well .
I knew that I'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at Union News or Schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open .
The telephone rang .
When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said , `` Is this Mr. Dale Nelson , the actor '' ? ?
`` All right .
This is Dale Nelson the actor '' .
`` Good .
I'm calling you , Mr. Nelson , at the request of Mr. Phillip Wycoff .
Could you possibly have lunch with him today ? ?
His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve '' .
`` You'll send the Rolls-Royce , of course '' ? ?
They all bowed low as I approached them .
An ancient Rolls-Royce , as shiningly impressive as the day it came off the ship , was parked at the curb .
The Oldsmobile with the license number JYJ 114 was in stall number five .
I walked with him back to the entrance .
He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it .
`` Forgot to get something out of the car '' , I told him , showing him my ticket .
He consulted the parking ticket , then looked at a notation and said , `` You're in the third row back toward the rear .
I always keep a set in the car .
I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer , then slipped around the back of the car with license number JYM 114 , attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out .
The attendant waved me on .
For the first fifteen or twenty minutes it's possible to be more or less interested in window displays , then in people passing by .
You want to sit down .
You're conscious of the fact that your feet hurt , that the city pavements are hard .
I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building .
The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ?
`` I haven't made up my mind yet '' , I said .
`` That curb parking is undependable and annoying , particularly when it rains '' , he said .
`` I'll have one of the boys get it '' , he said .
`` It's one of the rules on transients .
Regulars drive out their own cars '' .
I asked .
You'll get in the office building here .
You get business where the business is , not where it isn't '' .
I grinned at him , handed him a couple of dollars and said , `` By the time you get the parking charge figured up , there should be a cigar in it for you '' .
I hurried over to the agency heap , jumped in , started the motor and was just in time to see the car I wanted to shadow turn to the left .
I turned on the electric bug , and the signal came in loud and clear .
I couldn't see him , but the electric bugging device gave steady beeps when it was straight ahead , short half beeps when the car I was following was to the left , and long drawn-out beeps when it turned to the right .
If it ever got behind me , the beep turned to a buzz .
After a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me .
My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours .
By this time it was dark .
My lights would have been a giveaway if I'd tried to shadow him in the conventional manner .
Moreover , I'd have lost him if it hadn't been for the electronic shadowing device .
I circled the block and found he was in the parking lot of a high-class restaurant .
My man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and Tan Motel .
I noticed that he was in Unit 12 and that he had registered under the name of Oscar L. Palmer and wife , giving a San Francisco address .
If he does , it's still better than an even chance he won't notice the transposition of the numbers , and if he should notice it , the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake .
I used the alias of Robert C. Richards , gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap , but a couple of phony numbers in between .
I could have written anything .
The manager of the motel was a woman who apparently didn't care .
`` You mean you're all alone , Mr. Richards '' ? ?
`` That's right '' .
`` If you expect her to show up '' , she said , `` you'd better put ' and wife ' on there .
`` Any difference in the rate '' ? ?
There are ice cubes in a container at the far end and in another by the office .
There are three soft-drink vending machines , and if you should be joined by -- anybody -- try to keep things quiet , if you will .
`` Thank you '' , I told her .
The construction was reasonably solid ; ;
I put a small electric amplifier against the wall on the side I wanted to case .
She knew where to come .
He didn't have to telephone .
I had noticed a drive-in down the road a quarter of a mile .
She asked .
That's when my evening commences '' .
`` I'll be here at ten-fifty-five '' , I said .
`` Oh , you ! !
What's that thing going buzz-buzz-buzz in your car '' ? ?
Then I shut off the device again .
`` No '' , I said .
`` It's a kindness to her .
She'll eat just a pineapple and cottage cheese salad and I'm to have one with her so she won't feel out of place '' .
`` How much overweight is she '' ? ?
`` Good figures should be kept in hand '' , she said , and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle .
I turned on the device again , half fearful that I might find silence , but the buzzes came in loud and clear .
When I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check , I had the exact change plus a dollar tip .
`` -- so even if we was as dumb as you take us for , we could still find it '' .
The thin man waved the gun again .
He said , `` Right around the corner '' .
`` It says water works , but there is a policeman on duty , too '' .
She tore open the back door .
Slowly she turned to face the men again .
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet .
Keeping her frightened gaze on the men at the counter , she began to feel her way to the door .
As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her , felt him pull her to the safety of his person , she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren .
When he was answered , he said , `` Albert ? ?
He turned from the phone and strode to the front of the restaurant .
He said , `` Grosse ? ?
She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here '' .
Kinda like a zombie ? ?
Vince swore .
`` Stupid fools -- ain't got enough brains between the two of you '' --
He knew Vince Steiner was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be .
sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence .
Vince cursed steadily .
`` Why does everything have to happen to me '' ? ?
Don't you and Barney ever use your brains '' ? ?
The fat man didn't answer .
He returned the menu to its place between catchup bottle and paper napkin dispenser .
He spoke soothingly .
`` She don't know nothing about them cars .
`` How do you know , stupid ? ?
God help you if she knows where she's been '' .
`` What am I going to do with her all day ? ?
In the tool crib she can't get away '' .
`` What the hell do I care what you do with her all day ? ?
Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen .
`` You don't hafta get nasty .
`` Are you a poor dumb Canadian or a smart aleck from the States '' ? ?
`` Where'd you say you was born '' ? ?
She was glad the fat man had left .
She smiled at him wetly .
Although she found she was thirsty , she was about to refuse ( never , never take candy from a strange man ) when she saw the bottle was unopened .
She felt a lift in spirit .
When she was finished she pushed it back .
The man was busy doing something to the inside of the door-frame on the driver's side of a car .
She called softly , `` Barney '' .
She said , `` Barney , why is he keeping me here '' ? ?
He dropped it and carefully ground it to nothing with the sole of his heavy shoe .
Now he looked at her .
What awful thing had she to face in the next few hours ? ?
With a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself ; ;
as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in , she would think about something else .
Somewhere birds were sweetly calling , were answered .
Dave made some sound meant to convey agreement .
The car door crashed shut .
Roberta said , `` no .
You go .
Walk .
I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner '' .
The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive .
His jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard .
Marty recognized the man .
This was Acey Squire , proprietor of the juke joint .
He looked straight at Marty .
He did not answer .
`` I have to get back to Jarrodsville '' , he went on .
I'd be happy to pay for the favor , of course '' .
The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer .
And then a startling thing occurred .
It was so utterly unexpected that Marty stood for several moments with his mouth hanging open foolishly after it had happened .
There was no word spoken , no apparent signal given .
They piled into the waiting cars , motors roared , the cars sped off .
The Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward Sanford's Run .
Marty Land stood alone on a red-clay road as storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again .
From a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence .
Perhaps it was Dora May .
There were other farmhouses nearby .
Across the road there was one no more than a hundred yards away .
They reared tall and mocking .
Their wires stretched out into infinity .
Not a single strand of wire reached into the silent houses beside the red-clay road .
And Jarrodsville was more than three miles away , down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a quagmire .
After he had proceeded a few feet , he paused and turned up the cuffs of his trousers , which were already damp and mud-caked .
There was a very old man and a young woman and a brood of children ranging from toddlers to teen-agers .
For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help .
They were staring at him in the same blank and menacing way that the men outside the gate had stared .
On his side of the road there were two farm hands , well back in a field , leaning against a plow .
The drums of thunder were right behind him now .
It was probably one of Kipling's tales of the British Army .
It concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out .
The steady roll of the drums had sounded behind him as he walked between the endless ranks of the men he had commanded , and each man about-faced and turned his back as the officer approached .
Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs .
Now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch , too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star .
He was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car .
Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it .
It was the station wagon that had passed his cab on the road , the station wagon that had been parked at the Burch farm .
That had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road .
The station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him , beside a fenced field .
It was a narrow road , barely wide enough for two cars to pass .
When the two cars were equidistant from him , the station wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed .
They bore down on him .
Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell .
The cars , with their load of howling men , had disappeared in the distance .
He would be harassed repeatedly and would escape death by inches time after time , all the way to Jarrodsville .
He had to make for the section of road just ahead that was bordered by the rail fence , the section by the farmhouse .
At least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again .
The Admassy place could not be far now .
He splashed on , mud sucking at his feet with each step , until he reached the end of the drainage ditch and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm .
He lurched on down the road despairingly , because there was no place else to go .
Probably people were watching him from the porch or from behind the windows of this farmhouse , too , but he did not bother to look .
And then he heard them .
The Plymouth was coming at him from the east , the pickup truck from the west .
If he backed against the fence , one of the cars would brush him as it passed , and he would be cruelly lacerated by the wire .
The cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards .
They thundered at him .
He thought the fender of the Plymouth brushed his jacket as it went by .
He did not try to run .
He was nearing the Admassy house .
Now he saw that the approaching car was painted white , and he began to wave his arms frantically .
It was the prowl car from the sheriff's office .
The car drew up alongside him and stopped .
There was someone in front with the sheriff .
Pete turned around and said to Marty , `` I guess you think I'm a yellow-bellied hound .
But there wasn't no use in me staying there .
I couldn't fight a dozen or so of 'em .
If I'd stayed , all that I'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head .
I was lucky they let me go , I guess '' .
The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space .
Then he turned the telephone over to Rourke , and went into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes .
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back .
`` About an hour , eh ? ?
Are you positive '' ? ?
He turned his head and said , `` Alvarez will definitely be in a back room at the Jai Alai Club on South Beach within an hour .
Want to try and meet him there '' ? ?
He said with satisfaction , `` That's fine , Tim .
Have you got my car here '' ? ?
`` I'd better keep on driving yours '' , Shayne decided , `` because I'll be going on over to the Beach .
I can drop you back here to pick mine up '' .
He opened the door and followed Rourke out .
In Rourke's car , Shayne drove east to Biscayne Boulevard and north toward Felice Perrin's address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess .
As he drove , he filled in Timothy Rourke briefly on the events of the evening after leaving the reporter to go to the Peralta house , and on his own surmises .
`` This deal at Las Putas Buenas where the two knife-men jumped you '' , said Rourke with interest , `` that sounds like it was set up with malice aforethought by the luscious Mrs. Peralta , doesn't it '' ? ?
`` That story of hers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony .
If it was designed to put me on the spot , it would have to have been written before Peralta ever called me in on the case '' .
`` Do you think Laura did have the counterfeit bracelet made without her husband's knowledge '' ? ?
I think her husband strongly suspects so , and that's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so .
Isn't this Felice's street '' ? ?
Shayne got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard divider .
There was a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments .
A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side .
On the right '' .
Instead of pulling into the curb , Shayne increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left .
`` It was back there .
`` I didn't notice it .
I was watching for numbers .
''
`` It has a Beach license , Tim .
I got a quick look at their faces as we went past .
Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of Painter's dicks .
`` Wait a minute , Mike .
In Painter's office this evening .
Shayne nodded grimly .
`` The pair whom Petey is officially commending for slapping me around and pulling me in '' .
`` What are they doing here '' ? ?
`` A stake-out , I suppose .
On Felice Perrin .
I'm not positive , Tim .
I'll slide out and walk around the block back to the cocktail lounge on Biscayne .
If they are Beach cops on a stake-out , they'll admit it to a reporter .
''
He crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant .
He was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later .
The reporter nodded as he moved up beside him at the bar .
Shayne said happily , `` I've got it all worked out , Tim .
Take your time with your drink .
I'll beat it .
In exactly three minutes , go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters .
Just say that a couple of drunks are having a hell of a fight down the street , and they better send a patrol car .
I'll be waiting for you there '' .
You know how it is '' , he added with a conspiratorial wink .
`` Candy is dandy , but liquor is quicker and you don't have any candy for sale here anyhow '' .
`` We sure don't '' .
The bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill .
`` Make a couple of punk detectives named Geely and Harris wish to God they'd stayed out of my way this afternoon .
Three minutes , Tim '' .
Shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into Harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel .
He hit him once on the sharp point of his chin and felt the body go limp .
Shayne strolled across to intercept the reporter in front of the two-story house where Felice Perrin lived , and asked casually , `` Get the police okay '' ? ?
What happened with you '' ? ?
The stairway on the right was dark , but there was a wall-switch at the bottom which lighted another dim bulb at the top , and they went up .
If I could call in , they could check the story while we were on our way .
I wouldn't have to tell them I had Roberts --
By a wrenching effort , he managed to hunch and draw in , to take the final fall on his back and shoulders rather than his head .
He was fuzzy in his mind and , for a moment , helpless on the lobby floor , but he was conscious , and free of the weight of Roberts' body .
He felt his empty pocket and knew that Roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand .
Mickey's eyes fixed on the other's feet , which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack .
He rose stiffly , forcing his knees to lock .
The knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again .
He made himself back off slowly , his eyes wary on Roberts , who now had no more to lose than he .
He held the razor well out to one side .
They were eight feet apart when Roberts cleared the last step .
The taunt was lost on Roberts .
He advanced slowly , directly , giving no hint of a feint to either side .
Mickey felt his shoulders come up against the wall beside the heavy slab front door .
This was going to be it now , any second , and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor , no matter what , even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin , the deadly hand was his exclusive concern .
The kick came , sudden and vicious but short .
Mickey's guts twisted with the effort , but he kept his eye on the weapon .
It moved in a silver arc toward his throat , then veered downward .
He hunched his left shoulder into it and slashed at Roberts' forearm with his own , felt the blade slide off his sleeve .
Before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face , he slammed his right fist into Roberts' belly .
Roberts sagged and slashed at him wildly .
He felt it rip at the side of his jacket and a momentary sting under his left ribs .
With his right fist , and nearly all his weight behind it , he smashed at the bloodstained face .
He fell on his side across the lowest step , rolled over once , then lay still .
Mickey found himself leaning against the desk , with stiff hands , panting for breath .
Actually it was no more than eight or ten minutes , and the sum of his reasoning came to this :
There's no other way ; ;
I'll have to do it myself .
He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step .
One thing , he thought , nobody knows about it yet .
It didn't have to be perfect .
He went to the room he had rented and got into his overcoat .
He left the rest of his things and returned to the lobby .
He set Roberts' suitcase near the front door , went outside and walked back to the garage .
He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping .
He took the suitcase out to the Jeep and put it in the front seat .
Then he went back for Roberts .
He got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the Jeep .
He drove carefully in the direction of the brief tour they had taken earlier .
He went back and got the flashlight , returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier .
When the dust settled , he went back to the Jeep and carefully worked Roberts' body onto his shoulder .
Twice he nearly fell .
Inside the passage , he had to work his way over the fallen timber and nearly collapsed under his clumsy burden .
He could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out .
He knelt slowly and dumped the corpse onto the floor of the tunnel .
Deep enough , he decided .
The external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow , probably by the next day .
It wasn't cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact .
He had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket .
He climbed down , went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit .
Liz Peabody , he thought , might spend some time grieving for her lost lover , but he doubted that she would launch an investigation .
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work .
Jeb cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then , ignoring his own advice , said excitedly , `` But it does sound good .
`` I'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm .
I'll call you in a day or so '' .
On the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake Pontchartrain and along the coast .
He checked into a motel and drove downtown .
He figured his best bet was a call on the sheriff .
A clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers , a big , paunchy man with thick , white hair and a voice with a senatorial resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office .
`` So you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned .
It'll be a tedious job , but if you want to try it , the old newspaper files are in the basement here in the county supervisor's office '' .
`` That's an idea .
Mrs. Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years .
The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven , but weddings are made in Mrs. Calhoun's columns .
She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that '' .
`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed .
She'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background .
He stood up .
Tracking down Mrs. Calhoun was like trying to catch up with Paul Revere between Lexington and Concord .
It took a couple of minutes to run through her various businesses and get down to the one he wanted .
`` Last year ? ?
Well , I do remember one .
Married a man named Vincent Black .
I remember her because she didn't want her picture in the paper .
First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years '' .
`` What reason did she give '' ? ?
`` Never mind .
I can look it up .
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away '' .
`` Have they inherited some money or something '' ? ?
He said vaguely , `` Well , it is a little legal matter , but nothing like that '' .
`` Sounds like what you're after '' , he said when Hank had finished .
`` Come on , let's hurry down before they lock up for the day '' .
`` Mr. Ferrell Hirey Lindsay , chairman of the board of supervisors .
`` Sure '' , said Hirey .
It latches when you close it , so stay as long as you like '' .
He pulled it open .
`` Now don't shut this door .
It won't open from inside .
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners .
And , of course , you know not to take clippings '' .
`` Don't forget to turn it off and close the door good so it'll latch '' .
When they had gone , he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldn't quite dispel .
It was , indeed , all here -- almost a century .
From reconstruction to moon rockets .
But he pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones .
Last year's volume was at the top a couple of inches below the ceiling .
He pulled it over , climbed up , and lifted out the big volume , almost losing his balance from the weight of it .
He staggered over and dropped it on the table .
At last he found it in the paper of April 2 .
Mr. Black's life was an open book , so to speak , from his birth in Jackson , Mississippi , through his basketball-playing days at L.S.U. and his attainment of a B.A. degree , which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines .
The one line on the bride said she was Miss Lisa Carmody from Baton Rouge .
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. Black .
This time the search took twice as long , cutting down on his extra reading , for he had to pick through several columns of one- and two-line social notes in each issue .
He glanced at his watch , saw it was only seven , and decided to indulge his weakness now .
He turned around , saw nothing , and decided it must be a mouse .
Something else distracted him , yet there was no sound , only tomblike silence .
He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing .
It clanged shut as he sprang toward it .
`` Who's there '' ? ?
He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around , figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up .
But why ? ?
Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steady hissing , the dread , familiar pungency of gas escaping .
Until now , Lilac Gaylor and Lila Kingsley had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing .
Except for those minutes in her room , he had lost touch with her as a reality .
They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide .
And Angie would hear about it .
`` Time '' , said Angie , and he smiled very sweet and slow at Mr. Skyros .
`` Not too much time , because I'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away .
Dear heaven , no , thought Mr. Skyros , turning away as another man came in .
Angie knew too much entirely already .
Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay
Acourse there's this deal o' Denny's -- and Jackie's -- kinda hangin' fire , ain't it , maybe you've been kinda worryin' over that .
Ace of spades -- a widow , that was what they called a widow , these low-class crooks remembered Mr. Skyros distractedly .
All about that Angie knew , too .
When things got a little out of hand , they very rapidly got a lot out of hand -- it seemed to be a general rule .
All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally -- brothers , living together -- and Angie --
Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; ;
but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living -- and paid for his own stuff -- and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel-like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill .
I go over to Castro and get fixed up there .
I can't wait no two weeks '' .
And Mr. Skyros didn't like Angie , but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out -- And Angie such a valuable salesman , Prettyman said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once ? ?
Denny said stupidly , `` Why , you ain't turning Angie down , are you , Mr. Skyros ? ?
I mean , we all figured -- I guess anybody'd figure -- Angie '' --
Oh , God , the name repeated over and over , anybody to hear -- Not being a fool , Mr. Skyros knew why .
And all because of Domokous ! !
If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause --
Angie worth his weight in gold right now , but these users , they sometimes went down fast .
The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking -- hoping -- planning -- perhaps --
Good God above , had not Domokous been enough ? ?
He patted Angelo's thin shoulder paternally .
You don't need worry , Angelo .
It's awkward , you see that , isn't it '' ? ?
`` I appreciate it , you do that .
`` Oh , now , I don't know about that much '' , said Mr. Skyros .
`` And you know , Angelo , Pretty , he always keeps it a strict cash basis , like they say '' --
`` Sure '' , said Angie .
I bring you the cash , say five hundred for ten decks .
Never mind how much I cut it , how much I get '' , and he smiled his sleepy smile again .
`` I do my best '' , said Mr. Skyros earnestly , `` just for you , my friend .
But I do my best for you '' .
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations .
It could all be straightened out later .
An ace of spades .
He was not a superstitious man , but he felt perhaps there was a little something in that , indeed .
He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still -- scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money
Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you didn't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they'd take offense , threaten to call the manager .
Grab , snatch , I saw that first ! !
She'd be through here , just no time at all -- leave this kind of thing 'way behind .
Money -- a lot of money , enough .
No need say anything at all to the old woman .
She wouldn't be going to get that for an hour or so after Katya had left , go do the daily shopping .
A better life .
She was listening to other voices , out of the future .
Some of those vaguely-imagined new , different people .
Oh , Katharine's awfully nice , and pretty too , I like Katharine -- Let's ask Katharine to go with us , she's always lots of fun -- Katharine --
Soon , very soon now
sixteen
already the thermometer stood close to ninety .
Alison was still sound asleep ; ;
He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today , and drove home .
After he'd got out fresh liver for Bast , he paused to look at her crouched daintily over her dish .
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle ? ?
He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens .
`` Y que sigue despues ? ?
-- What then '' ? ?
`` A lot of people are so peculiar that they don't like cats , it's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens -- and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! !
I wonder if the Carters would take one .
Maude's long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up .
`` Happened to be in the hall ! !
Oh , well , you can't really blame Lolotte .
She lost her beau to you '' .
Maude went on .
`` I've got to get busy .
`` Not that there's much use in locking up the smokehouse and the storehouse now .
coffee .
`` It's -- cold '' .
Maude suddenly looked quite capable of pouring it down her throat .
`` Oh .
At the door she turned back , her Roman nose looking very long now and satiric .
`` They can't do anything .
It's silly , childish , running after them like that .
But of course the paterollers won't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' .
But then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best , cold it was all but undrinkable -- especially that cup ! !
She had quarreled with Lucien , she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father's entire estate .
She felt cold and hot , sticky and chilly at the same time .
She had lost a bottle of opium -- but that was on the trip from New Orleans .
It was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured unprocurable opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her .
He didn't even know that she was there .
Then somebody else ? ?
So Lolotte -- or anybody -- could have listened , and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium .
She began to doubt whether there had been in fact a lethal dose of opium in the cup .
No .
But -- well , she'd be very careful .
So somebody else knew what would happen to her father's money if she died .
Rev didn't need to break the wax seal , read the contract and find out .
He could conceivably have wished to make sure ; ;
Rev loved Honotassa , it was like a part of his breath and body ; ;
Rev would never have tried to give her poison ! !
She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; ;
`` Miss Maude .
Glendora put down a dish of lukewarm rice .
I don't know what we're going to do , Miss Sarah '' .
Maude ? ?
`` Get a basket '' , Sarah told her .
It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was banked up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too .
She doled out what Glendora vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas , eggs , cornmeal , a little salt .
The shelves looked emptier than when Miss Celie had shown her the storeroom , and since the men from the Commissary had called ; ;
She took Glendora to the smokehouse , unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of hams and sides of bacon , hanging from the smoke-stained rafters .
`` Can't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? ?
Yet Maude had suggested that Sarah return to New York .
Lolotte looked up and stiffened .
Reckon you know the news '' .
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning .
He turned to George and Lolotte .
`` Take your cobbler's shop somewhere else .
I want to talk to Sarah '' .
Everything in the office , the spreading circle of lamplight , the patch of leather in Lolotte's hands .
George poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder .
A rush of panic caught Sarah .
Not now .
Glendora '' --
As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself ; ;
if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien , her husband .
It might be , indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love , but it was marriage .
The homely everyday details of living and domestic requirements also pressed upon her with their immediate urgency .
No matter what had happened or hadn't happened , somebody had to see about dinner .
She eyed the chickens with , if she had known it , something of Glendora's dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs .
I didn't think there was any reason to '' .
`` Maybe there isn't .
Try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , anyone .
She might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if they've been having any trouble '' .
`` Then again he might not '' .
`` I think so .
`` Gilborn's secretary ? ?
You don't think Gilborn is the -- '' ? ?
`` I don't think anything .
I just don't want to go off half-cocked before picking up Black , that's all '' .
Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. Gilborn '' .
`` Aren't you ever going to go home '' ? ?
`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ?
He wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from Lionel Black .
It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti's death , but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind .
After leaving Conrad , Gilborn had no destination .
He simply walked , not noticing where he was , not caring .
He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping .
As he walked , he tried to think .
There was nothing coherent about his thinking .
Emotionally , they penetrated him not at all .
Whoever he was and your wife were intimate .
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words .
It was so .
It wasn't so because it couldn't be so .
For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason .
Kitti had come along to justify everything .
She was his goal , she was his reason .
He had lived all his life waiting for her .
He could not consider it now .
Not really .
The walk ended , inevitably , right in front of his hotel building .
He crossed the lobby and rode up in the elevator lost in his own thoughts .
In the apartment itself , all was still .
Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door .
Where there is a victim , there is a killer .
Whoever he was and your wife were intimate .
He rose from the chair , took off his coat .
Quickly , he went into the bedroom .
He looked at the bed unblinkingly .
The bed was empty now .
Kitti would lie in it no more .
He could think of no answer .
In the street , walking as quickly as he could , Stanley Gilborn was a lone figure .
If anyone had asked her , she would have described herself only as nervous and worried .
She wondered whether Stanley would call .
And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger .
He had taken her upstairs to say good night .
She had invited him in for coffee .
Later , she apologized for the long scratch across his face , tried to explain she couldn't help herself , that the panic arose in her unwanted .
But he hadn't understood .
When he left , she knew she would never see him again .
Stanley wasn't like that .
She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him .
The morning he walked in to announce to her , blushing , that he was married .
She had assumed before then that one day he would ask her to marry him .
It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step .
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband .
Unquestionably , Blanche loved Stanley .
On that first day , Blanche literally thought she was going to die , or , at the very least , go out of her mind .
Kitti had come into the office , on somebody's recommendation , because she needed help in preparing her income tax return .
He hadn't come back for over two .
There were mornings when Stanley came in late , afternoons when he left early , days when he didn't come in at all .
Somehow , Blanche managed to cover the stunned surprise and offer her congratulations .
She refused to have a doctor , insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her .
`` Also , if you're going to believe those prints , you'll have to look for a killer who's a top-grade piano player '' .
To make it clearer he shifted to acting out , but with no change of manner , the killing of Rose Mallory .
His hands snatched at an imaginary bucket , swooping down hard to grab it and coming away with equal snap like a ball that's been bounced hard .
He was moving like a ballet dancer , playing for laughs .
We'd know him by his stretch pants and the flowers he'd wear twined in his hair .
Felix was the exception .
That , incidentally , might give you some idea of what Felix was like .
There was , furthermore , the crowd of curious onlookers gathered in the street and a couple more cops to hold them at a decent distance .
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment .
You've been away from home for the New Year festivities , but now the party is over and you come home .
You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it , but then , it is an extraordinary paper hat and , in addition to anything else you may be , you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard .
You have your paper horn clutched in your big , craggy fist , and for your entrance you have planned a noisy , colorful and exuberant greeting to your friends and tenants .
You shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door .
`` Got the upstairs guy '' , he bellows .
Do I send him up '' ? ?
Then he turns back to you .
`` Go on in '' , he says .
`` They'll tell you what's cooking '' .
Even then , as you go into the house oppressed by the knowledge that something is cooking and that your house has passed under this unaccountable , official control , could you go on forgetting that you still had that ridiculous hat on your head and you were still carrying that childish horn in your hand ? ?
We'd seen his handiwork out in the back yard , and the little his tenants had told us of him did make him sound a little special .
He adjusted the hat , lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a flute , and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to cavort with him .
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix .
He was big-chested , big-shouldered and heavy-armed .
He wasn't a dwarf but he was a bit of a comic figure .
A man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five .
The man was just this side of being a freak .
His eyes were clear .
Not even a whiff .
`` Me '' , he said merrily .
`` I try '' , Felix said blithely .
`` What's the rest of your name '' ? ?
`` No rest of it .
`` For the future .
Is there any other time in which a man can live '' ? ?
`` We '' , Gibby announced , `` are not philosophers .
We are Assistant District Attorneys .
This gentleman is a police officer .
The happy one could never have looked happier .
It was ecstasy .
`` Those lovely whorls '' , he chortled .
I love fingerprints '' .
He was prancing along the hall , heading for the next flight of stairs .
Gibby called him back .
`` That important '' ? ?
Felix asked .
`` Felix Grubb '' ? ?
Gibby asked , not bothering to whisper .
`` I can't see what would make it necessary for you to know .
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world '' .
He repeated .
First thing I did after my twenty-first birthday was go into court and have it officially changed , and this is something I don't tell everybody .
This was a broth of a boy , our Felix , and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit .
The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting .
You may think we didn't need Nancy and Jean , but you always get what you can when you can , and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldn't be useful before we were through with this case .
Also , if we had excluded the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood .
The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way .
It was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house , where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope .
There was no process of trial and error .
Starting with the room completely blacked out , as it was when we came in , he unerringly fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare .
There was no display of either works in progress or of finished work .
They were all completely shrouded .
There were tools about but they were neatly kept .
There was no confusion and no litter .
Supplies of sheet metal were neatly stacked in bins .
Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was Ed Thornburg -- intercepted them and for this Andy was grateful .
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day .
But where ? ?
It was still a very big world , despite all the modern cant to the contrary .
Nothing new .
Lot of people waiting to see you , though '' .
`` Our own people .
Questions about the show tonight '' .
`` Shall I let them know you're awake '' ? ?
You want me to call her '' ? ?
He could not manage the former or expect the latter ; ;
As the afternoon sped toward evening , the suite saw a steady procession of Paxton aides pass in and out , each with his own special problem .
They had spent the morning revising the act , eliminating all the gay songs , patter and dancing with a view of the best public relations .
What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified , as befitting the tragic circumstances .
Charlie Marble was back and forth on several occasions , first to confer with Andy on the advisability of cancelling the Las Vegas engagement -- they decided it was wise -- and later to announce that a prominent comedian , also an agency client , had agreed to fill the casino's open date .
But from Rocco Vecchio , they heard nothing .
At last it was time to depart .
They overflowed the parking lot , making progress by automobile difficult .
Long before he reached the protection of the stage door , Andy was recognized .
They surged around him , fingers pointing , eyes prying .
It was not a hostile gathering but Andy sensed the difference from last night's hero-worshippers .
`` Skolman's jammed in every table he could find .
Under the heading of it's an ill wind , et cetera '' .
Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently .
Bake himself looked better ; ;
any kind of job was better than brooding .
`` I'll try .
Skolman isn't going to like it much , though , giving away what he should be selling '' .
It's those damn loudspeakers '' .
Andy rolled up the revised script he had been studying .
`` They're going to louse me up good .
Bonner explained that , with the nightclub's cooperation , the police had occupied El Dorado like a battlefield .
`` I want you to have the speakers taken out '' .
Andy sighed .
`` Sure , I know .
`` I can't stop you from doing what you think is right .
`` Someday '' , Bonner said , `` you're going to ask us for help .
`` What you don't understand is that I'm asking for it now '' .
He had gotten stuck with a job too big for his imagination ; ;
he had to cling to routine , tested procedures .
To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness .
But , admit or not , Bonner was helpless .
Bake and Shirl Winter , on separate telephones , could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles , nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts .
Thornburg popped in to advise , `` Andy , Skolman's sending up smoke signals .
`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ?
I guess nobody wants to pass out and miss anything '' .
Thornburg added in a lower voice but Andy overheard , `` They act more like a jury than an audience '' .
If Rock shows up during the number -- or you hear anything -- give me the signal '' .
Shirl Winter said , `` I'll stay on the phone , Mr. Paxton .
There's a couple of call-backs I can work on '' .
Andy passed into the corridor , their `` good lucks '' ! !
Following him .
The act , cut to shreds and hastily patched together during the afternoon , had not been rehearsed sufficiently by anyone .
Here's where luck would normally step in .
But this was no ordinary show and Andy knew it .
Twenty-four hours had changed him from a performer to a freak .
Within this framework , what followed was strained , even macabre .
The effect was as depressing as a gravestone , the applause irresolute and short-lived .
Rocco Vecchio -- a perspiring , haggard Vecchio -- was standing there , flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards .
`` Ladies and gentlemen , in place of my regular closing number tonight , I'd like to sing something of a different nature for you .
Nor could he blame them .
This particular song at this particular time could only be interpreted as the ultimate in bad taste , callous exploitation beyond the bounds of decency .
''
For the first time in his life he forgot the lyrics midway through and had to cover up by humming the rest .
though contemptuous , they were still polite .
Otherwise , the silence was complete .
He stumbled off-stage .
`` My God '' , he muttered .
Hub was there to support him .
`` It's okay , Mr. Paxton .
`` Bunch of damn jerks '' , Hub growled .
`` Sure , Andy , it'll be all right .
The words were hollow .
Thornburg knew , better than any of them , that a public image was as fragile as Humpty Dumpty .
You'll never believe the places I've been today .
We've done our part '' .
He clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room .
The usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent ; ;
the place had the air of a morgue .
Old man Arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door .
Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours '' .
`` Why not '' ? ?
The old man gave the room a stare in leaving ; ;
Why won't you accept facts ? ?
He limps , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he limped .
His father looked him over closely .
`` Now , see here '' --
`` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself .
`` Isn't enough time to go into it '' , he finished , and slammed the door in his son's face .
Mrs. Holden turned from the window draperies .
She walked restlessly across the room , then back to the windows .
`` Now they've gone , they didn't come back , and they didn't arrest that Dronk boy '' .
She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below .
`` Why on earth did I send him off to work ? ?
There was excuse enough to keep him home that young Mr. Arthur's still over there '' .
With sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang Holden's office and asked for him .
He couldn't see the grin that split her mouth ; ;
`` What '' ? ?
Come home right away '' .
In his office , Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly .
He passed the receptionist in the outer office , muttering , `` I've got to go out for a little while '' .
He got into the car .
Once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken .
What on earth was in Mae's mind , that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing ? ?
He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him , but it wasn't possible ; ;
She wanted him to get into trouble .
She wanted the police to notice him , suspect him .
And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors .
They'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police .
Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child .
It hadn't amounted to anything .
There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions .
Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that ? ?
Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there .
He hadn't touched her .
And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain staginess to it , it had the smell of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind .
Like this murder .
Mae was his wife .
She was married to him for better or for worse .
But she was .
Even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to release the hand brake , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding .
Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur ; ;
Holden stepped on the gas .
He could go to the police .
He was sure of this .
Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for Mae to do .
At that moment , Holden almost slammed on the brakes to go back to Cooper and ask if Ferguson was about .
It would be such a relief .
Why , Holden said to himself , surprised at his own sudden insight , I'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be .
Sure , they're giving up hope .
Holden waved a hand at the empty street .
Glad to see you go .
He looked up and down the street .
If Ferguson's car had been in sight , Holden would have walked directly to it .
He went to the front door and opened it and looked in .
Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen .
She stood there , watching Holden come in , and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth .
`` I've been thinking '' , she said , swallowing the toast .
`` Didn't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage ? ?
You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house .
And then you wiped up some grease '' .
She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster .
Wait a minute .
What do you '' --
I'm sure they were in the garage up until a couple of days ago .
You used to paint in them , and then you just took them for rags .
Worn through at the knees '' .
`` Green paint , wasn't it ? ?
`` Mae , sit down .
Tell me what this is all about '' .
Tell them the truth or something before they come here '' .
A seeping coldness entered Holden's being ; ;
Or are the eyebrows more like this '' ? ?
When he had finished with that , he would go to another part of the hotel and say much the same things to someone else , most probably a busboy .
`` Begin to look like him now , would you say ? ?
Different about the mouth , huh ? ?
More like this , maybe '' ? ?
Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again , and did the same in a tiny , almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties .
And men also used vacuum cleaners in both rooms , sucking dust up once more .
Men from the Third Detective District , Eighteenth Precinct , had the longest , the most tedious , job .
But Gardner Willings was not included ; ;
There was , of course , no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel .
With names and addresses listed , verification came next .
it would , almost inevitably , trouble some water .
He's in Boston .
Of course he's in '' -- )
The Hotel King Arthur across the street provided almost twice as many problems .
The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! !
-- to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and , at odd hours of night , drive from smaller stations to distant homes , probably through rain or , in November , something worse .
The King Arthur was less expensive than the Dumont .
It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel .
Shrugs met that , from room clerks , from bellhops .
Who measures ? ?
And had been for a week .
Anything else ? ?
( Detective Pearson , Eighteenth Precinct , thought for a time he might be on to something .
Anything at all strange ? ?
At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches .
As reports dribbled in , William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head .
There was no sign of Mrs. Lauren Payne at her house on Nod Road , Ridgefield , Connecticut .
Must have cost plenty .
The State cops would check from time to time ; ;
Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge .
Sort things out , damn it .
Consider opportunity .
He had left after the scuffle ; ;
He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey .
Consider him seriously , therefore ? ?
Nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter-century-old dereliction .
Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun .
She might , conceivably , have brought one in in a large-enough suitcase .
) She might now have taken it away again .
Heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too .
( Call it mentally young ; ;
It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many .
The Masons , mother or son , or mother and son ? ?
Seeing the man he blamed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and --
got Mullins .
`` Right '' ? ?
Mullins would do .
A man named Lars Simon , playwright-director , had expressed a wish that Anthony Payne drop dead .
He would say , of course , that he had not really had any such wish ; ;
which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say .
A man named Blaine Smythe , with `` y '' and `` e '' but pronounced without them , had been fired at Payne's insistence .
would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder .
He would have to be given the opportunity .
It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat .
Bill Weigand was good and tired of the wall opposite , and the crack in the plaster .
`` I know it isn't dinnertime '' .
Stilts , a more direct cat , leaped from the bed and trotted briskly toward the kitchen .
The hell it isn't dinnertime , two waving tails told Pam North .
It was not , whatever tale was told by tails .
She might be firm .
And possessed himself -- how ? ?
-- of a rifle and killed ? ?
Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it .
Don't pretend .
You just -- `` Hello ? ?
Yes , this is she ? ?
The voice had music in it .
Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice .
`` I said I would '' , Pam said .
`` They won't talk about who gave the information .
Not unless they have to .
`` Through a door conveniently unlocked '' , Madden supplemented .
`` That damn door '' , said the police chief .
Madden's dark face wore a meditative look .
`` Don't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him .
`` Yeah .
He scooped up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson .
I was hoping I'd hear from you today '' .
With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals .
He hung up .
`` Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs ; ;
Trachea clear of mucus and foreign objects .
No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' .
He paused .
`` That's about it .
The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven-o'clock dinner .
Pauling paused again .
`` So there it is '' , he said .
`` Not your problem , of course , unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same '' .
He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; ;
This was Madden's suggestion ; ;
If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity .
No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston .
Pauling looked doubtful .
Madden said that he would see him at two and made another call , this one to Mrs. Meeker's lawyers .
He had lunch with Pauling .
Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth's elegant suite of offices in Medfield's newest professional building .
that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; ;
that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; ;
and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day .
Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it .
`` Fairly recent '' , he remarked .
She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; ;
particularly the scholarship fund .
At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' .
Garth hesitated .
`` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though .
Most of them this past year , I'd say .
Even two or three years ago I doubt that she'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair .
She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' .
It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs .
A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , Madden reflected .
He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him .
to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; ;
to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker's employ at the time of the latter's death .
)
Too bad , Madden thought .
There were no other names Madden recognized .
Arthur Williams's might well have been included , he felt .
Madden took up this point with Garth , who shrugged it off .
`` This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more .
`` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said .
`` Sometimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; ;
No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found .
His expenses ran another four or five thousand .
He would offer no theory to account for her murder .
The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug .
It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable by-product of murder , led to Garth's door .
Motive ? ?
but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? ?
The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking .
Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth's financial background .
He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district .
Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant .
He took Madden into the room he used as an office .
A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them .
The inspector declined .
To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston .
Thayer shook his head .
`` Dammit , Phil , are you trying to wreck my career ? ?
Because that's what you're doing -- wrecking it , wrecking it , wrecking it '' ! !
Hoag said , `` I didn't send for you , Leigh .
I want the captain in charge .
Where is he '' ? ?
It's all in your mind '' .
A couple of sobs escaped him , followed by a sentiment that revealed his emotional state .
I have some security information about the prime minister '' .
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes .
I did get you on the platform this morning '' .
`` No use , he won't come '' .
He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness .
`` What happened to your head '' ? ?
`` I was hit -- knocked out .
Now will you get him '' ? ?
`` He says I'm to take the message '' .
`` Who'd hit you in the head '' ? ?
You get back to the captain and tell him this : Somebody's going to take a shot at the prime minister , and Mahzeer is in on the plot .
`` So that proves it '' ! !
`` Where'd you expect , the john ? ?
`` Where is that '' ? ?
Look , old man , you can't go up .
They won't even let you in the front door .
`` And you know I can do it '' .
Griffith raised placating hands .
The way Hoag was , no telling what he might say or do .
He finished his champagne and climbed uncertainly to the next landing .
At the top a uniformed officer blocked further progress .
`` Well '' ? ?
Griffith said , `` Hoag told me to tell you '' -- he waited until they were close ; ;
it would be just like him .
`` He claims Mahzeer's in a plot to kill the P.M. '' .
Docherty went taut : was it possible ? ?
Docherty was damned if he would make a fool of himself again the way he had earlier over the laundry truck .
One more muddleheaded play like that one and they'd be leading him away .
Troubled , he continued along the corridor , poking his head into the next office for a careful look around .
If Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street .
These were the early departures ; ;
Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories .
On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted ; ;
Hoag would carry its sound to his grave .
Mahzeer , of course , would be desolate .
How was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance ? ?
Where across the street ? ?
Where was Muller waiting with the rifle ? ?
From this side he could see farther into the legation's third-story window , but he saw no faces ; ;
He walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades : one was a club -- that was out ; ;
He quickly closed it again .
there were six apartments .
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him .
The occupants of Apartment Number 3 were probably away for a few days , and not likely to return on a Friday .
the cooking odors were stronger -- all over the city , at this hour , housewives would be fussing over stoves .
fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open .
he noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch .
He had thought no further than finding Muller .
Hoag pushed open the door : at the far end of the long dark room Muller was faintly silhouetted against the window , the rifle still raised ; ;
He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , dismissing Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at Hoag's apartment .
Muller , nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car's headlights , threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table ; ;
He was dead before his body made contact with the floor .
After Captain Docherty sent Arleigh Griffith for Hoag he was able to complete his detailed inspection of the third floor and to receive a report from his man covering the floors above before Griffith returned , buoyed up by a brief stop for another glass of champagne .
Gun set the captain's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath , though he knew that Killpath's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff's gift .
He stared at the clerk who sat at a scarred and ancient fumed-oak desk stuffing envelopes .
The clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office .
Gun went to the connecting door , which was open , and stood at attention while Orville Torrence Killpath , in full uniform , finished combing his hair .
Fight with Sam Schaeffer , fight with the whole damned Bureau .
Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man , and I'm going to get him .
Killpath peered through half-closed lids at his reflection , thrust up his chin in a gesture of satisfaction and about-faced .
Gun waited for Killpath to sit down behind the desk near the window .
He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair .
Finally , Orville intoned through his hawk nose , `` We can't have people running in any time they please , Sergeant '' .
`` Running in , running out .
He was silent again , possibly listening to the sounds in the squadroom .
That's not getting all the juice out of the orange , now is it '' ? ?
Then Killpath smiled .
Gun knew that nothing but aces back to back would give the lieutenant an ulcer and a smile at the same time .
`` What if I said nobody was here but a couple of patrolmen '' ? ?
He must have '' --
his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again , frowning now .
`` That's not taking one's command with a responsible attitude , Matson '' .
Gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool .
`` Oh , yes .
So I have heard '' .
`` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' .
He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered .
Killpath sailed the paper across the desk , but Matson didn't pick it up or even glance at it .
`` I didn't think Accacia knew so many big words , Lieutenant '' .
Killpath licked his lips .
`` Negligence , hell '' ! !
But I'm not one damned bit sorry I went out to question the people I know in the places they hang around , and '' --
`` Let's not push our patience beyond the danger line , Sergeant '' , Killpath nasaled .
Killpath leaned forward again , rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee .
`` I've been here for some time '' .
It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers didn't work , that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs , or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes .
He just didn't want to talk about it .
If the acting captain wanted his acting lieutenant to sit on his ass around the station all night , Killpath would just have to go out and drag Gun back by the heels once an hour ; ;
He could pick up another pack on his way home , if he were going home .
But even before he started across the oiled road to his Plymouth , parked in the lot under the cypress trees across from the station , he knew that he wasn't going home .
Not yet .
Then
Language was no problem anyway ; ;
He shrugged .
`` I asked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go '' .
Casey made some comment , but his mind was busy as he considered the man .
His name was George Needham and he , too , had come from a good family .
He was always well groomed and well tailored , and he had that rich man's look which was authentic enough and came from two good prep schools and a proper university .
Since then he had worked at this and that , though some said his main interest was gambling .
`` Haven't I , George '' ? ?
Do you approve '' ? ?
`` I'll have to give it some thought '' , he said .
She made a face at him and then she laughed .
`` Of course not '' .
He stood up and touched the girl's arm .
As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry .
Look in the wastebasket .
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it .
The wastebasket stood near the wall next to the divan , and the instant Casey picked it up he knew what had happened .
He put the basket down distastefully , muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof .
then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious , and as the thought expanded , the implications jarred him .
It no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him .
He considered them with brooding eyes , brows bunched as his brain grappled with the problem and tried to find some solution .
He said : `` The crazy fool '' , half aloud .
How can I find him ? ?
He tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had sobered up enough to get some sense .
He thought of other possibilities , none of them satisfactory , and finally he began to think , to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton .
Then , as he turned toward the telephone , it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly .
`` Casey '' ? ?
`` Yeah '' .
When he heard Calenda say : `` What about that picture you took this afternoon '' ? ?
`` You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon '' .
`` Who says so '' ? ?
Casey believed that much .
Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his `` boys '' close at hand .
`` I wouldn't even want it to get around '' .
Under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken .
Right now , however , he was still too worried about Jerry Burton , and the gun that had no bullets , and the story Burton had told him , to care too much about Tony Calenda .
`` I was hired to take a picture .
As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number .
He dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up .
When he was told that no one had seen Burton since then , he thought of three other places that were possibilities .
Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up .
He had done all he could and that was that .
He should have stayed here and watched Burton .
He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink .
Only then did he decide he didn't want one .
When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent .
`` Casey ? ?
You don't know me but I know you .
If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' .
For over the years he had received many such calls .
Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past .
Others because they expected some sort of reward for the information .
`` We're out just a little too far .
`` Now '' ? ?
He asked .
Poet nodded , swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor .
`` Reverse '' , Elaine said , then peered through the loop of the RDF and waved to Poet .
A second later she came behind the wheel and backed off the anchor line until it was set in the ocean floor .
They had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed .
The pilot had been good .
He'd landed the plane on a small airstrip in Connecticut and as soon as the aircraft had coasted to a stop , everyone had burst into chatter at the same moment .
But in the plane there was a concrete reason for it .
Now , at this moment , there should be none unless skin diving was much more dangerous than he had been led to believe .
Yet tension existed .
Silently , Elaine picked up her keys from the table and went out into the cockpit , Poet behind her , Nick trailing behind him .
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun .
`` Hydraulic '' ? ?
`` They are the best '' .
`` Why do you need an arsenal '' ? ?
`` It's quite possible there's more than codfish down there , man '' , Poet replied with a short , nervous laugh as he held the harness for Elaine .
A moment later , moving awkwardly because of the swimming fins , she picked up the gun , handed the knife to Poet , then rolled off the transom of the boat , back first .
Another moment and they were out of sight , leaving behind only a string of bubbles as a clue to their whereabouts .
Eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface , and he rolled over on his back .
Clasping his hands behind his head , he stared at the blue sky .
Yet Alfredo wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts .
But Graham hadn't stumbled on it .
Two to three weeks prior to the charter of the Virginia , Graham had been snooping around the San Luis Rey Mission .
If the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful .
The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep .
Someday , geologists had warned , the land on both sides of these deeps would fall into the ocean and no more La Jolla or Redondo Beach .
He stood up , stretched , looked around for the bubbles , but could see none .
Elaine and Poet returned together , popping up over the transom almost like dolphins breaking water .
Pulling off her face mask , she carefully placed the spear gun across the stern , then lifted her wet hair from her back and squeezed out the water .
He tossed her a towel , then repeated the service for Poet .
`` Cigarette '' ? ?
Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness , but Poet nodded .
His feet still hung over the stern of the transom , but as he reached for the smoke he raised them to swing them in .
Nick's body became rigid .
Poet a murderer ? ?
Turning quickly toward Elaine , Nick saw that she , too , stood in shocked surprise .
Instinctively aware of the charged atmosphere , Poet raised his head slowly , looking first at Elaine .
She had caught the implication of the oath .
Elaine recovered first , so quickly that Nick thought he might have imagined her sudden reaction .
`` I'll get some ointment '' .
Elaine turned and started toward the companionway .
Nick sensed it .
So did Poet .
The gun fired next to his ear with a vicious whoosh like the first stroke of an old steam engine .
Poet was the captured , arms pinioned to his side , and he twisted convulsively trying to escape .
Something flailed at the side of Nick's head as they rolled around and around .
Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water , not rising , not sinking .
A black , snake-like object swayed eerily in front of him , spewing bubbles from its flat cobra head .
At the same instant , he grabbed the loose , writhing hose with his other hand and bit down on the hard rubber mouthpiece .
As if this was a signal , Poet abruptly began to thrash the water and the quick movement slowly made them sink through the water .
Poet was not fighting Nick now .
Rookie investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed .
Took me 19 years to become Chief of our three man police force .
His sarcasm was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth .
`` I guess it helps '' , I said , paying no attention to his ribbing .
You're not only young but well , you don't even look like a police officer .
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set .
In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough .
Man , when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge .
Who was the murdered woman Mrs. Buck '' ? ?
`` Widow , nice sort of woman .
Comfortably fixed .
I know the killer , have the only road off the peninsula covered '' .
Although Bob dressed like a slob , he kept a neat office .
`` Okay , what happened '' ? ?
Colored fellow named Tim Williams -- only hand she has working for her now .
Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but Tim and his wife settled here .
Anyway , Julia asks me to .
''
But she didn't sound real alarmed you know , like there was any immediate danger .
I got there at 9:47 A.M. , found her strangled .
I would have come sooner if I'd known .
Told them I can handle this '' .
`` Yeah , seems you have a nice package , with all the strings tied .
`` I'll collar Tim before night '' .
`` Who's your witness '' ? ?
`` Julia had -- has -- an old Indian woman cooking for her -- Nellie Harris .
And then rushed out of the house .
And before you say it , Nellie ain't near strong enough to have strangled Julia .
There's no doubt this Tim sneaked back and killed Mrs. Buck .
Another fact : Tim's disappeared -- on the run .
But there's no way off the Point except through my road block .
Guess you want to see the body -- have her up the street in Doc Abel's office '' .
We walked up Main Street to this big white house , then around to the back .
Being the Harbor's sole doctor , Abel was also its Medical Examiner .
Doc Abel was busy up front with some of his live patients .
Pulling back the sheet , I examined the bruises around Julia Buck's once slender throat .
Powerful hands had killed her .
`` Find any prints '' ? ?
I dropped the sheet , glanced at my watch .
Still , I wanted to get this over with , had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office .
I told him , `` I want to go see the Buck house '' .
`` Sure '' .
Walking back down Main Street , I said , `` I saw the Harbor's one squad car at the road block , we'll ride out in my car '' .
`` Naw , we'll use mine '' , Moore said , opening the door of a sleek white Jaguar roadster .
Got a heck of a buy on this , dirt cheap '' .
The fins of a Caddy were sticking out of the garage , while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture .
She was also stone deaf in her right ear .
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me .
Years ago when I asked her to put me in Social Security , so's I wouldn't have to be working now , Miss Julia threatened to fire me -- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her '' .
`` Did you hear Tim return '' ? ?
The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing astonishingly strong , white , teeth .
`` Was she on friendly terms with other members of her family '' ? ?
`` I'll take you there .
Okay , come on '' .
In late summer migratory workers lived five and six to a room in these .
Mrs. Williams was both sullen and frightened .
She said she didn't know a thing -- Tim had left the house at six in the morning , as usual .
I asked .
Tim is a good man , hard working .
Even if he angry , Tim wouldn't hurt a woman .
He never in his life took a hand to a woman or ''
`` Does your husband have a car '' ? ?
I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , now '' ? ?
I knew she was lying .
Moore said , `` Come on , Jed , I have to get to my men '' .
On my way out I told her , `` If you should eh just happen to see your husband , get him to give himself up .
`` Yes .
I'll tell him -- if I see him '' .
We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes .
I tried not to act scared .
I told Moore I was going to eat , get some forms filled out by Doc Abel .
Chief Moore said , `` If I don't see you when I return , see you for certain at my road block , Inspector '' .
I had a bowl of decent chowder , phoned the Doc and he said he'd leave the death statements with his girl -- in a half hour .
He said , `` You bet .
Bob Moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing '' .
I dropped into the doctor's office , picked up my forms .
As I was walking back to the Police Station , which was in the same building with the City Hall and Post Office , I saw Mrs. Tim Williams sneaking into the back of my car .
I drove out of the Harbor , turned off into a dirt road among the scrub pine trees and stopped .
I waited a few minutes and she sat up .
`` Maybe .
I never saw him so anxious before '' , I said , lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette .
`` Of course , it could be because this is his first murder case .
She puffed on the cigarette slowly , sitting slumped against the back seat ; ;
I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series .
Alec was growing more and more skeptical .
Ten to one , it's even been redecorated '' ! !
`` There's always a chance they may have overlooked something '' , returned the chief .
`` I'm betting on that chance .
Soak up local color .
Reenact everything Beauclerk did .
Try to imagine you're going to be murdered yourself -- between eleven p.m. and one a.m. the night you arrive '' .
A sudden thought wiped the smirk from his face .
The chief's eyes gleamed .
He spoke softly .
On the train Alec refreshed his memory of the Beauclerk case by reading teletype flimsies -- spot-news stories about the crime sent out by the Pearson City Star , a member of the Syndicate Press .
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City .
So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , Kimball and Stacy .
At the time of her divorce Forbes had promised to pay her a lump sum in lieu of further alimony if she remarried .
No other visitor inquired for her that evening .
So was the gun .
Forbes had motive and Stacy had opportunity .
Alec's first impression of the lobby was gloomy , Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush , a black and white tiled floor , and Persian rugs .
He studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary .
`` Do you recall the number '' ? ?
`` It was 1105 '' .
The clerk's smile congealed .
Alec's glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk .
`` We have better rooms vacant now '' , he babbled .
`` Larger and more comfortable .
Alec's face was dark , blunt , and sulky .
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous .
`` Anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105 '' ? ?
Two women , who had been chattering like parrots , were struck dumb .
A man , lighting a match for his cigar , paused until the flame burned his fingers .
Even the bellboys on their bench were listening .
`` No '' ! !
`` I don't believe it '' .
`` Suppose you tell me the real reason '' , he drawled .
`` Front ! !
The stillness persisted as Alec followed a bellboy across the lobby to the elevator .
He wished it had not been necessary to announce the number of his suite quite so publicly .
The corridor on the eleventh floor was dimly lighted by electric globes at intervals of thirty feet .
It was a neat setup for murder .
A few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow , languid as falling feathers .
Hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light .
The mirror over the bureau was a blank eye , round and innocent .
`` Is there anything wrong with this room '' ? ?
`` N-no '' .
The boy raised his eyes .
The boy hesitated .
He was in a hurry to get out of the room .
Alone , Alec examined the doors .
It was just quarter of nine .
As he ranged his belongings on the bureau he noticed a film of white dust on the dark surface of the wood beyond the linen cover .
Women didn't use white face powder nowadays , he recalled .
Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands .
It seemed clean now , but Alec decided against a bath .
In the darkness he could see the rosy reflection of the neon sign on the wall opposite the window .
It winked as steadily as a metronome -- on , off -- on , off .
He never knew just what woke him .
According to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. .
His heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest .
For the sound was inside the room .
The sound was coming nearer .
A monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall , distorted and indefinable .
When the neon sign faded out , the shadow disappeared .
When the neon sign flashed on , the shadow was still there .
It stretched to an impossible height , climbing the wall to the ceiling .
Cautiously Alec tensed his muscles , ready to jump .
Something hard grazed his knuckles .
Rough cloth rasped his fist .
There was a grunt , curiously inarticulate , like that of an animal in pain .
Again he groped for the light switch .
There was a slight bulge under the left armpit -- a shoulder holster .
Alec promptly removed the gun .
He was familiar with this type .
Diana Beauclerk had no connection with the underworld .
Nor would he choose a respectable hotel as the scene for a killing when it would be so much safer to take his victim for a one-way ride on a lonely country road .
He opened his eyes .
Demanded Alec .
His eyes were dazed .
`` Did you kill Diana Beauclerk '' ? ?
Alec expected an indignant denial , but there was no response at all .
The silence was getting on Alec's nerves .
A forefinger pointed toward his gullet .
And she answered , `` I don't know , but I hope you'll never do such a thing '' .
Without a tremor , `` God forbid '' ! !
He said , and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny Day's swamp .
And isn't it true that you get a deeper perception about a man and his motives when you know what it is he knows ? ?
yesterday morning .
Now , Dogtown is one of those places that creeps into the marrow as worms get into old wood , under the veneer .
In fact , all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann , they are not just like others .
And not one single dwelling left there , though once , in the early eighteenth century , there were close to a hundred houses .
Please get that in your reports .
Handley lived further on , at Pigeon Cove .
Dead , dead as a brass door nail , and I sometimes feel like the Sexton , for I'm about the last to be even interested .
Pretty girls among them , with blonde hair and pert faces .
Handley married Freya and Red , of the red beard , married Anta .
The quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw , but I must tell you about it .
You see , besides being custodian of antiquities , I am also registrar .
No , I don't hold with those who live entirely among dead things .
But you've got to know both .
What's below the water-line interests me also .
As I was saying , I've known all about the old records , including the old Norberg deed .
( When you see him , you'll notice his habit of fingering , I might almost say , stroking a large mole with black hairs on it , by his right temple .
Like his glossy black hair .
He is the sort who , with an appraising eye , would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her .
He's always worn a broad-brimmed hat , and I've noticed , in my small study at the Society , that he rather smells of cosmetics .
When I told him someone had torn it out , he shouted .
`` By God , it's that damn Handley , the sneak '' ! !
Fortunately we were alone in the building -- so few people nowadays are interested even in their own past or in the lovely craft of other days -- for they began to abuse each other in the foulest language .
Red thrusting out his tawny beard , Handley glowering under his suddenly rumpled black hair .
Violent men both .
But for my presence , they would have been at each others' throats .
The Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable .
Both men knew it was in the Norberg family holdings , but to which of the cousins did it belong , Anta or Freya ? ?
Fortunately , I knew almost exactly what the will had said .
It began with a preamble , of course .
Paint ! !
If Red had a show at Gloucester , Handley would hurry to hang his pictures in Rockport .
You may say this has little pertinence , but , gentlemen , remember that all this prepared my mind , alerted my intelligence .
I would call them the patterns of life , perhaps even the designs of destiny .
Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case , as you would call it , till yesterday .
Rabbits , too , if you care for them , which most of the folk around here haven't the sense to appreciate .
Any more than they have the sense to eat mussels .
In fact , he often disappeared , from time to time , -- off to paint the sea , aboard a dragger out from Gloucester .
Anta , his wife , never seemed to mind .
I suppose these absences gave her more clearance for her embraces with Cousin Handley .
Anyhow , I wasn't surprised , early that morning , to see Handley himself crossing from Dogtown Common Road to the Back Road .
No , he didn't have his gun , which he should have .
It would have been a good excuse for his being there at all .
That's what the man had said .
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary , tear-filled eyes .
Was the man drunk or crazy or both ? ?
But his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count , and the man's eyes were still clear .
Why hadn't he noticed it before ? ?
Actually , he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them .
Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word .
Very suddenly , the driver stopped swearing at them , turned on his heel and went back to his truck .
Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time .
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word .
When the light went their way , they went on across the street .
Now he wondered if it was worth it , having a screwball for company .
Haney managed a weak laugh .
A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows .
`` I think you aren't taking me seriously , Phil .
I meant it .
It won't cost you a cent , Phil .
Phil rubbed his forehead wearily .
`` All right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , I don't get along with the landlord .
He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio and sing while I'm taking a bath .
The man closed his eyes and nodded .
`` Fine .
Give me your address .
In that way there's no trouble for the customer '' .
Haney's eyebrows flew up .
Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently , and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure .
Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack , putting the whole incident out of mind before he fell asleep .
The hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy , and he groaned .
Coming home from work , he was startled to see a police car parked in front of the apartment building .
Inside the lobby , people were standing around , talking excitedly .
His spine crawled with a foreboding premonition as he asked one of his fellow tenants what had happened .
Late that afternoon , it seemed , he had fallen off the roof while on some obscure errand or inspection .
Once inside his apartment , he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply in a chair .
But after all , why should they ? ?
The stranger really had nothing to do with it , of course
After all , the man had no family , so no one suffered , and everybody was better off for it .
Really , he said to himself , nobody kills a man just as a favor ! !
The stranger's eyes were large and sad , as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings .
It was like a recurrent , annoying dream , but now the dream was beginning to take on overtones of a nightmare .
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual .
He was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet grievance with bourbon slightly moistened with water .
His real grievance was Lolly .
Haney felt like shrinking out of sight , but he was already trapped in the corner with the wiry , dark little man .
Was he going to be saddled from now on with a creep for a bar-buddy ? ?
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice .
The guy sulked over his drink , obviously upset by Haney's lack of appreciation .
In time , and two drinks later , he was complaining bitterly about his wife , He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes .
`` Then she'd get half of everything I have .
She can drop dead '' ! !
Now I see .
You must understand , I haven't been in this state too long .
That's why I -- why I do a free job now and then .
Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again .
Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain .
Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was ! !
But if he was the real thing , he could do something about Lolly .
It could have been an accident '' .
He shrugged casually .
`` But if you say you managed it '' The stranger was hooked .
His eyes burned feverishly .
`` Yes , yes '' , he muttered impatiently .
I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi .
Let me prove it , Phil .
He waited eagerly .
`` C'mon '' , he whispered ; ;
`` floor level's about three feet down , so don't fall '' .
I jist stayed where I was while he fumbled around and then walked away .
He drank and handed it back .
`` Nice place '' , I told him .
We'll both be blowing town tomorrow so we won't be moving in on you '' .
You can work on this one while I'm gone , kill it if you want '' .
He put the bottle down .
`` But we got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two .
I bought another pint of sherry and when we got back Pops let us in in the dark , put back the blanket and then lighted the candle again .
But we could wait all right ; ;
there was no hurry .
The second bottle passed a few times .
Pops was taking long ones , but not showing the effect yet .
He had a capacity ; ;
if we'd really been trying to get him dead drunk we'd have had to go out for more wine .
About halfway through the second bottle , Charlie looked at me across Pops , who was sitting between us and asked `` Now '' ? ?
I said , `` Wait '' , and handed the bottle to Pops for his final drink .
Out cold , if not dead ; ;
He was holding the piece of lead pipe out to me .
`` We don't want to know whether he's dead , yet .
You hit again about twice that hard before we know whether he's dead or not .
it made sense .
I took the piece of pipe from Charlie's hand and used it , harder than he had .
The thunk was louder , anyway , and I thought I heard bone crack .
That did it , if mine didn't .
I nodded to Charlie .
It's a more natural position '' .
We did that .
Charlie asked me .
Now , first question : the bottles .
Shall we take them all with us , or leave one '' ? ?
`` Right .
And he'd have taken the weapon with him too , so we take that .
`` I've been careful about fingerprints .
How about you '' ? ?
There are the boards over the window , of course , but they're not painted and too rough to take prints .
Besides , I doubt if the cops will even try dusting .
Our hypothetical other bum who killed him would have turned out his pockets .
We discussed the candle and decided the hypothetical other bum would have left it burning to light his way to the window and because he'd have no reason to blow it out .
A fire wouldn't have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner .
He might not be found for days , even weeks , otherwise .
Being picked up for questioning by a cop on the way out seemed to be the only possible remaining danger , and we weren't picked up by a cop .
Which , if it matters , was one A.M. .
It had gone like clockwork .
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad .
An hour later we were back in my unpadded pad , killing what had been left of the second pint .
Also our plans for me to commit Charlie's murder and for him to commit mine .
We shook hands on it .
From here on in , the less Charlie and I were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better .
We met at Maxine's and decided we were set to stay as long as it took , into or even through the evening , to talk things out .
Charlie had brought food and we'd decided on no drinks .
I talked first , telling him everything I knew about Seaton and his house and domestic arrangements .
He gave me equivalent and even more detailed dope on Radic , including diagrams -- one of the apartment building Radic lived in and one of the apartment itself .
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and Charlie said , `` Well , I guess that's it .
`` Wait a minute , Charlie '' , I said .
`` One thing we haven't discussed , expense money .
A couple of hundred .
`` Solid '' , I said .
`` In that case , let's not draw .
So it wouldn't be for days or even a week before you could do anything .
He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder .
`` I was hoping you'd say that , Willy .
But I wouldn't have suggested it .
Well -- in that case , I take off tomorrow morning for Frisco .
Now that he knew himself to be self he was free to grok ever closer to his brothers , merge without let .
Mike remained in trance ; ;
Jubal's conversations coming and going -- Jubal's words troubled him most ; ;
`` Thou art God '' .
He had been weary ; ;
He stepped out into the hall , was delighted to encounter a water brother .
`` Oh .
`` I feel fine ! !
Mike felt disappointed that Mahmoud had left ; ;
`` Come on , there's some cold chicken and we'll see what else '' .
They went downstairs , loaded a tray lavishly .
He could see in almost total darkness .
his foster parents had taught him to see .
he was considerate of their weakness , once he learned of it .
But he was looking forward to snow -- seeing for himself that each tiny crystal of the water of life was a unique individual , as he had read -- walking barefoot , rolling in it .
In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother .
`` Okay , take the tray .
I'll switch on the underwater lights .
it was a goodness , beauty .
`` Mike ? ?
What are they doing on Mars '' ? ?
`` On the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring ; ;
He hesitated .
I have helped him .
In the other hemisphere it is growing colder and nymphs , those who stayed alive through the summer , are being brought into nests for quickening and more growing '' .
He thought .
he had not known it until asked .
`` They should not be sad .
`` Yes .
He had his own face , dark and beautiful .
Mike do you ever get homesick ? ?
For Mars '' ? ?
`` But now I am not lonely .
`` Mike darling '' -- They kissed , and went on kissing .
A long time later , by cosmic clock , she said , `` Mike ? ?
Is that -- I mean , ' Do you know ' '' --
It is for growing closer .
Now we grow closer '' .
turn just a little .
I'll help '' .
Then , as their grokking made them ever closer and Mike felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back : `` Oh ! !
Oh ! !
This went faster than scheduled as the Martians were helpful .
time was not yet .
On Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited edition of verse consisting entirely of punctuation marks and spaces ; ;
A colossal campaign opened to sell more sexual organs of plants and Mrs. Joseph ( `` Shadow of Greatness '' ) Douglas was quoted as saying : `` I would no more sit down without flowers on my table than without serviettes '' .
A Tibetan swami from Palermo , Sicily , announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered , ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes .
the purpose was less immediate .
The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as `` National Grandmothers' Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers .
The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop , Huey Short -- a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly .
Digby was not pleased with his promotion .
Foster listened with angelic patience until Digby ran down , then said , `` Listen , junior , you're an angel now -- so forget it .
Afterwards you did well enough .
Same as with the Popes .
Foster shook his halo .
The Martians have their own setup , different from ours , and as long as they need him , we can't touch him .
I'm helping you now , am I not ? ?
The Boss wants performance , not gripes .
Get Happy , junior '' ! !
Where do I start '' ? ?
if Mike had had a finger in it , he had gotten away with it -- and what happened to supreme bishops worried Jubal not at all as long as he wasn't bothered .
Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom -- and didn't want to inquire .
Jubal would not have minded it if service had not gone to pieces .
The girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in `` to see if Mike was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries .
The expense and time involved are astronomical .
Said Hal , forgetting in his enthusiasm that he had not been asked to speak .
He said sharply .
Did not the Forerunner predict in his Time and the World Line that such a planet would be found ? ?
I believe it was on page 573 '' ! !
Macneff smiled and said , `` I am glad that your scriptural lessons have left such an impression '' .
I still bear scars on my back where Pornsen , my gapt , whipped me because I had not learned my lessons well enough .
Is ! !
He was my gapt in the creche .
He is now my block gapt .
Swiftly , came the revulsion , the protest .
If I die , I die because I willed it so .
So , forgive me , Sigmen , for the contrary-to-reality thoughts ! !
Perhaps , even , though this is too much to wish , find the Forerunner himself '' ? ?
`` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there .
The expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth .
I can't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere .
If you volunteer , you will be told where you're going after the ship leaves .
`` You need a linguist '' ? ?
`` The ship is huge '' , said Macneff , `` but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one .
We have considered several of your professionals because they were lamechians and above suspicion .
Therefore ''
And , if a man is married , he will automatically be given a divorce '' .
Hal gasped , and he said , `` A divorce '' ? ?
Naturally , he couched the provision in obscure language .
Six months later , Hal Yarrow stood in the observation dome of the Gabriel and watched the ball of Earth dwindle above him .
Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein .
In southern Europe , between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe , was a thin but long stretch of territory called March .
This was no man's land , disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic , a potential source of war for the last two hundred years .
And , somewhere in that enormous light , was his apartment .
She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry-eyed .
Her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her , not because she had lost a beloved husband , but because she had been married to a man who thought unrealistically .
Somehow , all the other passengers ( also supposed to have died in this web of elaborate frauds to cover up the disappearance of the personnel of the Gabriel ) had simultaneously `` agreed '' to die .
And , therefore , being in disgrace , they would not be cremated and their ashes flung to the winds in public ceremony .
No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared .
Mary was free to marry again , not knowing that the Sturch had secretly given her a divorce , thinking that death had dissolved her marriage .
She would have a year in which to make up her mind , to choose a mate from a list selected by her gapt .
Perhaps .
Hal doubted if this happy event would occur .
The gapt .
Pornsen .
Said the whining voice .
And , slowly , feeling himself icy yet burning , Hal turned .
But I might have known ! !
We seem to be bound by love ; ;
Sigmen himself must have foreseen it .
Love to you , my ward '' .
`` Sigmen love you , too , my guardian '' , said Hal , choking .
`` How wonderful to see your cherished self .
Meanwhile , all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship , went into the suspensor .
Here they would lie in suspended animation for many years .
They would sleep while the Gabriel's drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured .
Upon reaching the desired speed , the automatic equipment would cut off the drive , and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end .
And the crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended animation .
These members would then unthaw the rest of the personnel .
And , in the half-year left before reaching their destination , the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed .
Hal Yarrow was among the last to go into the suspensor and among the first to come out .
He had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen , Siddo .
The description of the Siddo syntax was very restricted .
Moreover , even getting this across would be difficult .
For one thing , the organs of speech of the Ozagen natives differed somewhat from Earthmen's ; ;
It was true that they could be approximated , but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations ? ?
Another obstacle was the grammatical construction of Siddo .
The same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other tenses .
All the other parts of speech : nouns , pronouns , adjectives , adverbs , and conjunctions operated under the same system as the verbs .
This was not , for the Angel , just a matter of running through a logical or deductive chain , or deciding on some action from some already established premise .
No doubt the Angels could do that kind of thing as fast as any computer .
At last Gabriel spoke .
Of course we have before us the example of the great races at the galactic center ; ;
We shall recommend to them that they shorten your trial period by half .
`` Nevertheless , you were its agent .
Jack , what is the nature of this concept '' ? ?
His heart , he discovered , was pounding .
When it is done between races or nations , it is called making a treaty .
`` Strange '' , Gabriel said .
Though it might be that we would have much to give you , you have nothing to give us '' .
but this one was not nearly as long .
of a more alive time .
Yes , those could be commodities under this concept .
This explained a great deal .
We will gladly entertain your young and give them proper living quarters , in return for their help in running our fusion reactors .
But we must know if this is in accordance with your customs , and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands , to our hurt '' .
The Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen -- but they had no faintest notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature .
The simple treaty principle that Gabriel was asking him to ratify , in short , was nothing less than total trust .
Nothing less would serve .
And it might be , considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of absolutes , that the proposal of anything less might well amount instead to something like a declaration of war .
It would be at once the most tentative and most final treaty that Earth had ever signed .
He turned back to the screens , the crucial , conclusive phrase on his lips .
He had lost his audience .
It seemed to be only a riot of color , light and meaningless activity .
`` Hesperus ! !
What's going on here ? ?
What's happened '' ? ?
They are on their way here '' .
I don't see them .
`` You can't see them yet , Jack .
They'll be in range in a short while '' .
and it was getting bigger rapidly .
If that was the skiff , it was making unprecedented speed .
Through the telescope , Jack could see that both spacesuits were still attached to it .
but even more awesome was the fact that it was trailing an enormous comet's-tail of Angels .
Fuming , helpless , he watched them pass him .
But where was it going ? ?
The skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula -- toward that place which , Jack knew now , could hold nothing less important than the very core of the Angel's life and religion .
It was clear that Langer had at last found a way to attract the Angel's attention .
Stern chase 10
Langer would have to be headed off , whether he knew where he was going or not .
Almost surely he did ; ;
after all , he had had the same set of facts as Jack had had to work from , and he was an almost frighteningly observant man .
When he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses , however , he hesitated .
Will you obstruct this , or will you help ? ?
With a short-lived sigh of relief , Jack plugged the fuses back in and threw the switch .
Always before , it had taken five minutes to --
Of course .
Hesperus was in there .
But since he had failed to anticipate it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in plotting an intercept orbit .
`` Hesperus , don't use this t-tau vector trick of yours , please .
`` Okay '' .
Above them , the sky was the black of space , or the almost equal black of the winter sky above Minneapolis , seen against neon-lit snow .
That cold , empty sky was full of fire and light .
This fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets , almost like the asteroid belt in the original Solar System .
But to the infuriation of scientists , for no known reason not all of them did .
This would be the fifth mapping expedition to the planetoids of Yancy-6 in three generations .
Ryan asked .
`` What will we need outside , Ryan '' ? ?
Ekstrohm asked .
It just won't be easy .
`` Ryan , look over there '' , Nogol said .
`` I get no readings from them at all .
Sonic , electronic , galvanic -- all blank .
Take it easy '' .
`` I heard a story once about a rookie who got excited when the captain stepped outside and he couldn't get an encephalographic reading on him .
Remember , when the little hand is straight up that's negative .
Ekstrohm smiled , and followed the captain through the airlock with only a glance at the lapel gauge on his coverall .
Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories .
He wasn't likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever .
It was day , but in the thin atmosphere contrasts were sharp between light and shadow .
Ekstrohm nudged it with a boot .
`` Hey , this is pretty close to a wart-hog '' .
`` Uh-huh '' , Ryan admitted .
`` One of the best matches I've ever found .
Well , it has to happen .
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts .
`` What shall we do with this one ? ?
Ryan nudged it with his toe , following Ekstrohm's example .
It sure as hell doesn't look like any dominant intelligent species to me .
No hands , for one thing .
Of course , that's not definite proof '' .
In the meantime , we might be thinking on the problem all these dead beasts represent .
`` Then maybe it was the shockwave we set up .
Or maybe it's sheer xenophobia .
`` And that is '' ? ?
`` Suppose it was not us that killed these aliens .
I just hope it doesn't work on Earthmen too .
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought , the camp is quiet .
There was no reason to leave the comfortable quarters inside the ship , except that , faced with a possibility of sleeping on solid ground , they simply had to get out .
The camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles , ringed with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being .
The bunk he lay on was much more uncomfortable than the acceleration couches on board .
Ekstrohm was not asleep .
Now there could be an end to pretending .
There was no longer any need to hide .
What had changed for him ? ?
He no longer had to lie in his bunk all night , his eyes closed , pretending to sleep .
In privacy he could walk around , leave the light on , read .
It was small comfort for insomnia .
His body processes only slowed down enough for him to dispell fatigue poisons .
Occasionally he fell into a waking , gritty-eyed stupor ; ;
but he never slept .
Over the years , he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide .
Since he couldn't sleep anyway , he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports .
Ekstrohm was startled in the morning by a banging on the hatch of his bubble .
`` Okay , Stormy , this isn't the place for fun and games .
`` The dead beasties .
`` What are you talking about , Ryan ? ?
`` Gone '' ? ?
Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt .
`` I'll be damned '' , Ekstrohm said .
ExPe doesn't like anybody mucking up primary evidence '' .
`` Where do you get off , Ryan '' ? ?
This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon .
What would I want with them '' ? ?
`` All I know is that you were outside the bubbles last night , and you were the only sentient being who came in or out of our alarm web .
It was not a new experience to Ekstrohm .
Suspicion wasn't new to him at all .
Look for them , will you ? ?
Take my word , can't you '' ? ?
There's still such a thing as mental illness .
You may not be responsible '' .
Ekstrohm scowled .
She lived and was given a name .
instead of grabbing with hands , she manipulated mechanical extensions .
As she matured , more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship .
For Helva was destined to be the `` brain '' half of a scout ship , partnered with a man or a woman , whichever she chose , as the mobile half .
She would be among the elite of her kind .
Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high .
As long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations , and there were no side-effects from the pituitary tinkering , Helva would live a rewarding , rich and unusual life , a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary , `` normal '' being .
However , no diagram of her brain patterns , no early I.Q. tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn .
A ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships .
Most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small , eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells .
So , for happy years , Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as Stall , Power-Seek , studying her lessons in trajectory , propulsion techniques , computation , logistics , mental hygiene , basic alien psychology , philology , space history , law , traffic , codes : all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed citizen .
She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction .
Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- and her canvas , small -- the head of a tiny screw .
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree .
`` Why , what a lovely voice you have '' , said one of the female visitors .
`` Yes , we have quite a few years of voice training , madam '' , remarked Helva calmly .
I enjoyed my lessons '' .
Although this was the first time that Helva had seen unshelled people , she took this experience calmly .
`` I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear '' , the lady amended .
`` Thank you .
She instinctively sheered away from personal discussions but she filed the comment away for further meditation .
`` I am currently reproducing the Last Supper on the head of a screw '' .
`` No , I say '' , the lady twittered .
The lady's eyes , unmagnified , bugged out .
`` Well '' , remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife , `` the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread '' .
`` If you substitute ' atom ' for ' angel ' , the problem is not insoluble , given the metallic content of the pin in question '' .
`` We are directed to develop a sense of proportion , sir , which contributes the same effect '' .
The good man chortled appreciatively and decided the trip was worth his time .
If the investigation committee spent months digesting the thoughtful food served them at the Laboratory School , they left Helva with a morsel as well .
But `` singing '' for any shell person posed considerable technical difficulties to be overcome .
Balanced properly between optimism and practicality , the nondefeatist attitude of the shell people led them to extricate themselves , their ships and personnel , from bizarre situations .
She approached the problem by investigating the methods of sound reproduction through the centuries , human and instrumental .
Breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice .
Shell people did not , strictly speaking , breathe .
By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone .
Acquiring a repertoire from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall .
It would not have occurred to her that it was curious for a female to sing bass , baritone , tenor , alto , mezzo , soprano and coloratura as she pleased .
If the authorities remarked on her curious avocation , they did so among themselves .
Her permanent titanium shell was recessed behind an even more indestructible barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship .
The neural , audio , visual and sensory connections were made and sealed .
When she awoke , she was the ship .
Her brain and intelligence controlled every function from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed .
She was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner .
There were several missions which demanded instant attention but Helva had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section .
Consequently no one had remembered to introduce Helva to the prospective partners .
Had there been another `` brain '' ship at the Base at the moment , Helva would have been guided to make the first move .
As it was , while Central wrangled among itself , Robert Tanner sneaked out of the pilots' barracks , out to the field and over to Helva's slim metal hull .
`` Hello , anyone at home '' ? ?
`` Are you my partner '' ? ?
I thought perhaps there were no partners available and I've had no directives from Central '' .
Always she had had the company of other shells and more recently , technicians by the score .
The sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive .
Mercer stammered , not knowing what B'dikkat meant , and the two-nosed man answered for him , `` I think he has a nice baby head , but it isn't big enough for you to take yet '' .
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm .
You're beautiful , beautiful , beautiful .
The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them .
She radiated warmth and good fellowship .
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming .
It was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did .
With most of his mind he was happy .
He wondered how anyone could have the good luck to visit a planet as nice as this .
He tried to tell the Lady Da , but the words weren't quite straight .
A painful stab hit him in the abdomen .
He rammed his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay pinkly nude beside him in the desert , `` That was a good bite .
People never live forever .
I do so believe in death '' ! !
With this he felt his lips thicken and his mind go slack .
In that beautiful place , among all those companionable and attractive people , he sat and smiled .
B'dikkat was sterilizing his knives .
He endured the ministrations of the dromozoa without screams or movement .
The agonies of nerves and itching of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him , but meant nothing .
He watched his own body with remote , casual interest .
The Lady Da and the hand-covered woman stayed near him .
Having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them , and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged .
Time had no meaning .
The dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way ; ;
He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again .
She meant him well , but was in no condition for articulate speech .
The half-man lay on the ground , arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity .
Mercer squeezed the man's shoulder .
That's out of a play .
Did you ever see a play '' ? ?
`` You mean a game with cards '' ? ?
`` No '' , said the half-man , `` a sort of eye-machine with real people doing the figures '' .
`` I never saw that '' , said Mercer , `` but I '' --
`` But you want to ask me when B'dikkat is going to come back with the needle '' .
`` Soon '' , said the half-man .
We all know when it is going to happen .
We all know what the dummies will do '' -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask .
`` No , no , no .
A scene is just a part of a play .
I mean we know the order in which things happen , but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there's not much climate here , so none of us know how long anything takes .
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long .
Mercer did not know what an `` Earth-week '' was , since he had not been a well-read man before his conviction , but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time .
The half-man received a dromozootic implant , turned red in the face , shouted senselessly at Mercer , `` Take it out , you fool ! !
Take it out of me '' ! !
It might have been several months .
Once again B'dikkat moved among them like a father ; ;
When B'dikkat cut the head from Mercer's thigh , he felt the knife grinding against the cartilage which held the head to his own body .
The next time it was two legs growing from his chest .
She found this immensely comforting , even though Mercer did not make much sense out of it .
Thus events occurred , and victims changed in appearance , and new ones arrived .
Sometimes B'dikkat took the new ones , resting in the everlasting sleep of their burned-out brains , in a ground-truck to be added to other herds .
He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it .
Only the memory of previous hurt , bewilderment and perplexity made him sure that if he did not ask B'dikkat when he , Mercer , was happy , the answer would no longer be available when he needed it .
When he said it , they thought it exceedingly profound , though none of them understood it , since it was simply the amount of time that Mercer had been on Shayol :
What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol ? ?
What kept him happy without super-condamine ? ?
He remembered the last time he had eaten -- actual eggs from an actual pan .
The dromozoa kept him alive , but he did not know how they did it .
He staggered back to the group .
The Lady Da , naked in the dusty plain , waved a hospitable hand and showed that there was a place for him to sit beside her .
4 ,
The years , if they were years , went by .
The land of Shayol did not change .
Sometimes the bubbling sound of geysers came faintly across the plain to the herd of men ; ;
There was night and day , but no setting of crops , no change of season , no generations of men .
Her statement was a hope , not a truth in which they could believe .
Though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond B'dikkat's cabin , they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh .
They could still read the opening : `` Once , I was like you , stepping out of my window at the end of day , and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in .
The front part of my head was called a face , and I could talk with it .
He was well rid of her .
He certainly didn't want a wife who was fickle as Ann .
The grass in the meadows came fast , now that the warm weather was here .
He stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon , but nothing happened , each day dragging out with monotonous calm .
No one walked in this country , least of all Ed Dow or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew .
His visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow , angling toward the house .
They crawled through the north fence and came on toward him , and now he saw that both were young , not more than nineteen or twenty .
She lay there , making no effort to get back on her feet .
The boy came on to the porch and sat down , his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring .
Morgan hesitated , thinking that if this was a trick , it was a good one .
Morgan jerked his head toward the front door .
`` In the kitchen '' , he said .
`` Get up .
He picked her up , sliding one hand under her shoulders , the other under her knees , and carried her into the house .
She drank greedily , and murmured , `` Thank you '' , as he lowered her head .
He had seen a few nester wagons go through the country , the families almost starving to death , but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two .
He brought his Winchester in from the front of the house , then faced the boy .
`` Who are you and what happened to you '' ? ?
He asked .
We ran out of money and we haven't eaten for two days '' .
`` Are we in Wyoming '' ? ?
Morgan demanded .
Why didn't you go there '' ? ?
You'd have starved to death if you'd missed both places '' .
`` Then we're lucky we got here .
Dan Morgan '' .
He was silent a moment , thinking he could use a man this time of year , and if the girl could cook , it would give him more time in the meadows , but he knew nothing about the couple .
It wasn't the face of a killer .
He hadn't shaved for several weeks , his sparse beard giving his face a pathetic , woebegone expression .
There was more to this than Jones had told him .
He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either .
`` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything .
I guess you'd better go on in the morning '' .
Morgan filled the fire box with wood again , then started supper and set the table .
When the meal was ready , he told Jones to wash up , and going into the front room , woke the girl .
He said , `` I've got some supper ready '' .
`` I'm Dan Morgan .
She stared at him , her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said ; ;
then she murmured : `` You're very kind , Mr. Morgan .
Do you take in all the strays who come by '' ? ?
`` Of course '' .
I'm usually a very strong woman , but I'm awfully tired '' .
Morgan laughed .
`` We're not drunkards '' , she said .
`` That's all I'm sure of '' .
She helped him with the dishes , then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark .
He carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall .
Your feet are in bad shape , Mrs. Jones .
`` No , she'll be all right '' , Jones said quickly .
`` Could you find me a needle and thread '' ? ?
He said : `` I'm going to bed '' .
He nodded at the door in front of him .
`` That's my spare bedroom .
`` We'll pay you back if you'll let us .
Jones followed him into the front room , closing the door behind him .
`` You can't make me go '' .
It was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt .
Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known .
Just a half-breed 'pache , never said much , never meant anythin to me , but he stuck with me .
He got into a fight with Tom English , your brother's son .
It was a fair fight , the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so .
They killed Big Charlie , dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago .
My men , they all left me .
I didn't understand why , Clay .
`` You don't hate me any more '' ? ?
`` Come here '' .
The old man beckoned with one finger and Clayton went forward to him .
Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely .
`` All my life '' , he said , `` I tried .
And you wanted no part of me when I had so much to give .
Laurel is gone , my men are gone , Ed is dead -- and you come to me , to help me .
Oh ! !
Can't let you go way from me again '' He closed his eyes , ashamed of his tears .
`` The horses .
You get ready ''
He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air .
Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words .
Clayton looped the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck .
`` You take it easy , boy '' , Clayton whispered .
You take it easy , your time will come '' .
He had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand , the stock bumping on the wood floor .
There's someone there I have to see .
I don't know yet , it's crazy ; ;
But California is where we're goin '' .
`` California '' .
Start out fresh , the two of us , like nothin had ever happened '' .
`` I made you so you could stand up .
I made you a man '' .
`` Yes , Gavin , you did '' .
He approached the horse and laid a hand on the stallion's quivering neck .
`` Help me up , Clay .
`` They'll trample it down .
Lived alone by the river .
It was nice then , so peaceful and quiet .
Clayton swung into the saddle and whacked the stallion's rump .
The two horses broke from the yard , from the circle of light cast by the lamp still burning in the house , into the darkness .
Thirty-five
It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago , on those nights when he slept alone by his campfire and waked suddenly to the hoot of an owl or the rustle of a blade of grass in the moon's wind -- a savage land , untenanted and brooding , too strong to be broken by the will of men .
Gavin sighed bitterly .
In vain his mind groped to reassemble the bones of the relationships he had sought so desperately , but they would not come to life .
They passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills .
A bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains , followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky .
They greeted the news angrily , as though they had been cheated of purpose .
Clayton is with him , takin him out of the valley .
You see , he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone '' .
First he thought of the time he had ridden to Gavin and told him how his cattle were being rustled at the far end of the valley .
He remembered Gavin's smirk , his own cringing feeling , his impotence .
Then he thought of a time when Clayton's horse had fallen lame in the Gap .
His wife had said to him : `` Nellie is in love with Clayton Roy .
He wouldn't even dance with her at Gavin's party .
He treats her like she was dirt .
And you stand by like a fool and let him do it ''
It was the night Clayton had tricked them in the poker game .
He turned to Lester .
He swung round to the other men -- `` We can catch him easy ! !
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place .
If we let them go , they won't stay away , they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back .
`` He killed Tom -- do you understand that '' ? ?
Purvis and Silas Pettigrew were the last to leave .
Thirty-six
in the cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground , then rose with a gust of sudden wind to leave the valley clear .
When they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them , strung out on the prairie in a flat black line .
He looked over his shoulder at the thin dotting of pursuers .
They neither gained nor fell back .
He rode low on the mare's neck .
Gavin's face was bloodless with excitement .
He did not look back ; ;
And he was fleeing , running -- fleeing his death and his life at the same time .
With every leaping stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his , that he would never see again .
He would never reach California .
He had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol .
He was partially uniformed in a cavalry tunic and hat .
He and Dean tied and gagged the man , using his belt and shirt for the purpose .
Fiske joined them , unsteady on his feet .
`` You are hurt '' ! !
`` We'll talk later .
First , we've got to get out of here '' .
`` We'll grab horses '' , Dean said .
Mike debated it , trying to decide whether Fiske was strong enough to ride .
He had none here .
The guerrilla bivouac remained silent .
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground .
Evidently this was a precaution so that mounts would be available in an emergency .
`` We'll stampede the rest .
You stay with the ladies .
All of you be ready to ride hell for leather '' .
He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol .
Mike turned away .
Dean turned from Susan and took Julia Fortune in his arms .
`` All right '' , he said .
`` Be careful , McLish '' ! !
`` Running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock '' ? ?
He kept going .
He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her .
He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself , pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken Dean's affections from her .
`` Stay well back of me '' , he said .
There's bound to be someone on guard , but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close '' .
It was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings .
They were tethered , army style , on stable lines .
He located his man .
Mike , off balance , managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded .
The bullet went wide .
Mike swung the pistol in a savage backlash .
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers .
He demanded .
`` No , but the fat's in the fire '' ! !
The sentry's saddled horse stood picketed nearby , having been kept handy in case of need .
Try to find these Feds .
The rest of us can fort up in the house and hang on until you get back .
Take the pistol .
`` Apaches '' ! !
Mike yelled .
`` They're stealin' the stock '' ! !
He scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings .
He crouched there .
They followed the others toward the east gate .
Mike made a dash to the rear of the frame buildings .
A man was standing in the open door of the lighted orderly room a few yards to Mike's left , but he , too , suddenly made up his mind and went racing to join the confused activity at the east end of the stockade .
A lantern hung from a peg , giving light .
An ammunition case stood open , containing canisters which contained powder cartridges .
His looting of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas .
He set his bundle down .
Snatching the lantern from its peg , he shattered its globe with a blow against a post .
He picked up the powder canister and ran out .
Bursting paper cartridges , he scattered powder beneath the nearest wagon and dumped the contents of the canister upon it .
He shouldered the blanket again , backed off , and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon .
Powder flame gushed beneath the wagon .
One struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack .
Susan and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them .
The three of them floundered through the door into the interior and fell in a heap .
She crouched aside as bullets beat at the portal , chewing into the planks .
He hovered over her to shield her , for spent bullets were thudding against the rear walls .
Mike snatched a pistol from the heap of scattered booty and fired .
He dropped a man with the first bullet .
At the same moment Wheeler Fiske fired the rifle Mike had given him and another guerrilla was hit .
The mudwagon had caught fire also .
`` There goes our grub an' ammunition '' ! !
`` Hurry ! !
The guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring .
Many of them , in increasing panic , came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort .
The heat drove the guerrillas back .
The roof of the command post began to buckle .
`` Run 'em right into the spring ! !
Susan and Julia ripped strips from their clothing and bound the injury .
`` No .
`` Anything wrong , cap'n ? ?
They'll probably attack at dawn '' , Montero said .
He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp .
There's a large war party on their way '' ! !
Then Little Billy began shouting orders to round up the ponies and fill the water buckets and for the cooks to hurry up with the meal .
`` That was a terrible thing to do '' , I said to Oso .
And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! !
`` Old Knife's got the largest war party ever seen on the river '' , he said calmly .
`` What would you have done in Montero's moccasins ? ?
Let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people , or would you steer him on someone else '' ? ?
He shook his head .
`` Mr. Manuel did that in the war .
That's why the British never got the tribes to fight for the King .
Mr. Manuel whispered in the ears of the Sioux that the Cheyennes were comin' to raid 'em for their horses .
Then he went on to the Cheyennes and told them that the Sioux was goin' to move up .
He did that with all the Nations .
`` But that was war '' , I said .
First it was the Nations against themselves , then it was them against the whites .
I remember being told it would happen so fast people would think it took place overnight .
`` That's why this company's important .
Once we get over the mountains others will come along .
That's why the Trust don't want us to make it .
-- Old Knife's not the only chief he'll get to do his dirty work ! !
Before we get through he'll have the Blackfeet hankerin' for our hair and our goods .
Still , I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with Montero's methods .
Surprisingly , he had told the others what he had done .
In the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses , I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river .
Those little children .
Attack
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley .
Montero had set up a strong position , using every bale and box we had in addition to barricades of logs and brush .
Wildly bucking horses would make the position difficult to defend against charging warriors .
although we didn't expect the attack before dawn , the long cloudy night , filled with the sounds of the industrious insects , seemed endless .
Coyotes and hunting wolves sounded like signaling Indian scouts , the whinny of a restless pony made one's skin crawl .
I didn't catch a wink .
It was a relief when they finally came .
They poured through the opening in the valley , then spread out in a long line to come at us , brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry .
`` Oso '' , Montero called `` I'll get Gray Eyes '' .
`` Hold your fire '' , Montero was shouting .
They were about a mile off ; ;
He was naked except for a clout .
I found his chest in my sights .
It had a red circle .
The circle came nearer and nearer .
My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought .
As he started to slump over , another warrior swung him onto his horse .
I saw the pony fall like a stone and the young warrior flew over its head , bouncing like a rubber ball .
`` If you're goin' to kill 'em -- ! !
Lead up ! !
Montero was shouting .
One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek .
His legs pumped furiously , his long black hair streamed out behind him .
He was dead before he hit the ground .
The charge , I tell you '' ! !
They grew louder as the Indians charged again .
I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease , their mouths open , shouting their spine-chilling cries .
I could see the blood running down his chest .
He was riding between two warriors , who held him erect when he started to slump .
I forgot to aim .
there was no doubt he was dying .
Again we waited for Montero .
This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically , but they held their fire .
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse .
Our rolling volley swept most of the other riders from their mounts .
I heard the whir of an ax and a Canadian's face burst apart in a bloody spray .
I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indian's face became shattered flesh and bone .
Men screamed .
Other Indians were running at the ponies , shrilling and waving blankets .
The pall of dust they raised made it difficult to see when the Aricaras charged again .
A small Indian dived at Montero , who caught him with a swift upward stroke of his rifle butt .
Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales .
Although my shot killed his horse , he rolled off the bale on top of me .
Coming over the wall he had seemed like a hideous devil .
The Aricaras made one last desperate charge .
Some gracefully soared from the backs of their wounded , screaming mounts to make one last defiant charge before the lead split their hearts or tore their guts .
She was carrying a quirt , and she started to raise it , then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist .
It would to me '' .
`` All right '' , Wilson said quickly .
`` The fire's too big .
An hour before , with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness , he would have appreciated company .
She had helped him change his mind .
He was taken aback .
It took him a long time to compose himself .
`` There's some mistake '' , he said finally .
`` You're right about the fire .
But you're wrong about the rest of it .
I'm not leaving in the morning .
Why should I ? ?
`` You own this place '' ? ?
`` From a man in St. Louis '' , Wilson said .
Maybe you know him '' .
My father ran him off here six years ago '' .
`` Carwood didn't tell you that '' , she said .
He sold me a clear title .
If you want to see '' --
`` Never mind '' , she said sternly .
`` It wouldn't matter to my father , and not to me .
Be sure it's out when you leave .
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now '' .
`` I don't mind washing dishes now and then '' , he said pleasantly .
He meant to say more , but he never got the chance .
She was quick .
She brought the quirt down , slashing it across his cheek , and he tried to step back .
She swung the quirt again , and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle .
It made him a little sick , and he let go of her .
He wiped the blood from his cheek .
If you were a man '' --
`` She isn't , mister '' .
The fire had gone down , and the man was only a shadow against the trees .
But a moment later he brought his horse forward into the light , and Wilson had a good look at him .
He was tall and dark-skinned , a half-breed , Wilson thought .
`` I am .
`` Put the rifle down , Joseph '' , the girl said .
`` I thought I told you to stay home '' .
`` You shouldn't be riding up here after dark , Judith '' , he said quietly .
The girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him .
He took it without flinching .
`` I said go home , Joseph .
You've got no business up here '' .
The half-breed didn't answer this time .
They could hear the pony's feet on the dry leaves for a while , then the sound faded out .
Wilson brushed the dust from his coat .
`` Your personal guard ? ?
You're pretty hard on him '' .
`` He works for my father '' , the girl said , and then seemed to change her mind .
His name's Joseph Sanchez .
Is there anything else you want to know '' ? ?
You've got blood on your cheek .
Mine .
She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat .
`` I've had enough of that .
I've had enough of you .
I don't know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business , and I don't care about that , either .
But I'll know how to handle you next time '' .
He side-stepped her blow and she fell , stumbling against the gelding .
She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle .
He had forgotten that she was so pretty .
He hadn't shown up too well in their eyes , letting himself be browbeaten by a woman .
I'll be down at the creek finishing the dishes , if you want me '' .
Not tonight , at any rate .
That afternoon when they had pulled up in front of the broken-down ranch house , his hopes had been high .
Not all of it .
But they were starting a new life .
The water was there , so much of it that it spread all through the dead orchard .
And there was a house ; ;
livable perhaps , but badly in need of repairs .
It hadn't started out that way .
2
They had the house cleaned up by noon , and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses .
He stood on the porch and watched him struggling with the heavy harness , and finally went over to help him .
Kathy was already in the wagon .
Wilson backed the team into the traces , and wished they weren't going to town at all .
He had an uneasy feeling about it .
That girl last night , what was her name ? ?
Judith Pierce .
He finished with the team and filled his pipe and stood looking about him .
He had spent two hours riding around the ranch that morning , and in broad daylight it was even less inviting than Judith Pierce had made it seem .
There was brush , and stands of pine that no grass could grow under , and places so steep that cattle wouldn't stop to graze .
There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard .
Yes , there was plenty of water , too much , and that was probably the trouble .
It was hotter once they reached the flat , and drier , but the grass was better .
It took them an hour before they came to the first houses of Kelseyville .
The town was about what Wilson expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ;
The place was quiet .
A glimpse of three of four vague figures , at the most .
Squatting , as if waiting .
The pulsing glow of a cigarette .
The clerk paid them no attention .
None of the men hanging around the hall bothered to speak to him .
Baldness was attacking his pate .
He wore his white shirt open at the neck , revealing a bit of scrawny pale chest underneath .
It was obvious that he wished himself different from the sort of person he thought he was .
But it was not easy for him and he often slipped .
Everything about the clerk was trivial .
Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person .
He would pick up the ringing phone with studied negligence , then bark into it with gruff importance .
What limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me .
They , and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents , down at the far end of the hall , could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office .
I was shown , instead , a batch of white tickets of the sort handed out , he told me , every morning .
Each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient .
Later I would remember what this pompous little man had told me about the worth of a ticket .
The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air .
For although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended .
I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall , but what they were doing , and exactly where , I could not tell .
This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below .
This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me .
It sprang from a type of mentality I'd encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here .
I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to .
Although I had been inside it I had not yet seen it functioning .
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing .
far from it ! !
Meanwhile spring had passed well into summer .
At last , when I put it to him directly , the clerk was forced to admit that the delay in my case was unusual .
When I asked him what , if anything , I could do about it , he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall .
I could consult this personage on any weekday morning , though not before ten o'clock .
When I went for my interview with the director I saw why .
Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people .
Cigarette butts littered the floor .
I had felt the draft they were making while mounting the stairs .
Past it I could see part part of a desk , a flag in a corner , a rug on the floor .
The director's office .
The director came to the door .
He was a man in his late forties , with graying hair , of medium height ; ;
he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit , brown silk tie and green-tinted soft collar .
they somehow made me expect to see him launch into a vaudeville tapdance routine any moment .
I had the impression that he had read my forms , perhaps several times .
As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper , slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall .
He spoke , in a voice as immaculate as his appearance .
These questions did not surprise me ; ;
I felt certain that the director , like the afternoon clerk , seldom moved beyond the counter , that the hall , to them , was a jungle , a dark and unwelcome place .
Though I doubted that he would understand me , I told the director my motives for applying .
To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence .
`` Hell with it '' .
Rankin sneered at him .
`` What did you want me to do , kiss him ? ?
He dumped me in solitary twice '' .
`` Let's get one thing straight , you and me .
The only reason we brought you was to get Miller out .
Fred Rankin looked at him .
It seemed to Barton that the green eyes mocked him , the thin-lipped smile held insolence , but he had no time to waste now .
`` Come on .
There were three other men within this prison whom Barton would have liked to liberate , but they were in other cell blocks .
There was no chance .
They reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above , and Powers slipped through the door .
`` It's Curtiss '' , he said , naming the man Rankin had hit .
`` I've got to have help '' .
The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet .
`` What's wrong with him '' ? ?
Powers had not followed .
Powers was covering the remaining guard .
Powers knocked his arm aside .
Even Barton could not quite believe it .
They slid through the wicket in the big gate , ghosted across the dark ground .
Barton was relieved to see that Carl Dill and Emmett Foster had brought extra mounts .
He had been worried that with Miller and Rankin added to the escape party they would be short .
They walked the horses , heading along the river , Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead , seven men riding quietly through the night .
In a small grove against the river they halted , turning deep into the protection of the trees .
Kid Boyd was unusually silent , Rankin watchful , a few paces apart .
`` I won't even try to thank you '' .
I did it for the valley .
We've been starving and I don't like to starve '' .
Barton turned away , his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse .
`` Meaning you want me to ride out '' ? ?
There's nothing for you here '' .
`` I got no place to go '' .
Barton hesitated .
He did not trust Rankin , his violent temper , his killer instinct .
It was all right to put a bunch of ranchers onto horses , to call them Night Riders , to set out to attack the largest mining combination the country had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure .
Then Barton touched Carl Dill's arm and moved off , up the river bank .
Mitchell Barton drew in the fragrance deeply , letting the smoke lie warm and soothing in his throat for a moment before he exhaled .
Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly .
For his first five years in prison , they had shared a cell .
He had been the auditor for the mining syndicate , and he had stolen fifty thousand dollars of the syndicate's money .
The one thing they had in common was their hatred .
He said now , `` I've got the perfect headquarters set up .
The old Haskell mine '' .
They had spent a million dollars , carving in a road , putting up buildings , drilling their haulage tunnel .
Then the vein had petered out and the whole project had been abandoned .
`` The road's washed badly '' , said Dill , `` but there's a trail you can get over with a horse .
Barton nodded .
`` As mad as ever .
But Kruger's men keep them off balance , and they don't trust me .
When they learn you're in the hills though , they'll rally , don't worry about that '' .
Barton waited for a long moment , then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind .
`` He's in Morgan's Ferry '' .
`` Dealing faro '' .
Your cousin Finley saw to that .
He wants your ranch '' .
Barton stood up .
He said tensely , `` All right .
Dill had come up also .
`` I was afraid of this .
`` But you can't ride into the Ferry .
That's what they'll expect you to do .
They'll be there waiting for you .
I understand how you feel about the child .
''
`` I never saw him .
My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away .
I've got to get the boy .
It reached Donald Kruger in his massive home in Burlingame .
It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield .
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside .
It was partially cemented by ages and pressure , yet it crumpled before the onslaught of the powerful streams , the force of a thousand fire hoses , and with the gold it held washed down through the long sluices .
A million tons of rock and soil and brush .
Hague , like all who worked near the pits , was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums .
He was a big man , wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air .
He was proud of his accomplishments , proud of his job , proud that Donald Kruger and his associates trusted him .
He lived and breathed for the mining company .
Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke .
He knew nothing about the man's history .
He threw out the hi-graders .
He supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco .
Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike .
He broke out of Folsom last night .
We want him back there or we want him dead '' .
You know how the ranchers in the valley are .
They blame us for all their troubles .
When they reached their neighbor's house , Pamela said a few polite words to Grace and kissed Melissa lightly on the forehead , the impulse prompted by a stray thought -- of the type to which she was frequently subject these days -- that they might never see one another again .
When the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house , Pamela turned the wheel , guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house , and stopped .
He had belonged to this land and , perhaps , had desecrated it -- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him .
Perhaps it was insane , Pamela thought .
Facing the forest now , she who had not dared to enter it before , walked between two trees at random and headed in what she believed was the direction of the pool .
She remembered little of her previous journey there with Grace , and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it .
No wonder Melissa responded so completely to its beckoning .
Perhaps she had no reason to fear these trees that whispered their secrets above her head as she passed .
A few days ago , she would have thought such an expedition as this utterly ridiculous ; ;
If , as she walked , her steps fumbled from time to time , she chose to ignore that omen .
It did not care what sort of person prowled its woods , plucked at its bark or stripped the berries from its bushes .
knowing that its ageless mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man .
She must not think about time .
How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent ? ?
His presence would have interfered with her duty .
The trees huddled more closely together , their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against the sun .
Nevertheless , she continued to move upward .
The forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , unprotected , unguided , to deal with whatever hindrances were offered .
At one and the same time , she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry .
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees .
For a moment , she could not catch her breath and then , her breath returning in short , frightened spasms , she lifted herself to her feet laboriously .
She started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clothes .
She seemed to have come such a long distance -- too far for her destination which had wilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees .
She stood quite still , trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn , a path to follow , a clue to guide her .
She was standing in a thick grove .
The trees were crowded so closely together that their branches overlapped , virtually shutting out the sun completely .
Not a breeze exactly , but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove , catching Pamela in a leering embrace .
It entered her body with the ghastly intimacy of an incubus , and its particles , spreading , creeping , crawling , joined themselves into steel bands that constricted her knees so tightly that they ached ; ;
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles .
She could not scream , for even if a sound could take shape within her parched mouth , who would hear , who would listen ? ?
She had to escape .
She thrust forward through the shadows and the trees that resisted her and tried to fling her back .
Every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy .
Miraculously , she found exactly the right statement .
`` I want to tell you something Thomas DeMontez Lord .
I'm well aware that you've got a pedigree as long as my leg , and that I don't amount to anything .
But '' --
`` To me you'll always be the girl o' my dreams , an' the sweetest flower that grows '' .
Beaming idiotically , he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her .
`` You shut up ! !
Shu-tt up-pp ! !
I've got something to say to you , and by God you're going to listen .
He said he wanted very much to listen .
He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important , as well as pleasin' to the ear , and he didn't want to miss a word of it .
I think you're mean and hateful and stupid , and -- louder '' ? ?
`` Uh-huh .
So I can hear you while I'm checkin' the car .
He waited at the car side for a moment , looking down at her expectantly .
`` Well ? ?
Print it in real big letters , an' I can cipher it out later '' .
He grinned , nodded , and walked around to the front of the car .
He went prone on his stomach , the better to pursue his examination .
And he really feels that way , she thought .
That's really all he's got , all he is .
Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package .
Here in the God-forsaken place , the westerly end of nowhere , Tom Lord looked almost insignificant , almost contemptible .
He was handsome , with his coal-black hair and eyes , his fine-chiseled features .
He wasn't a big man ; ;
And his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance .
Just nothing , she told herself .
But , by gosh , I want him and I'm going to have him ! !
teetering , half-mincing walk .
Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? ?
He slid in at her side , tucked a cigar into his mouth , and politely proffered one to her .
`` Oh , cut it out , Tom '' ! !
She snapped .
There's nothing out here but rattlesnakes '' .
Lord laughed with secret amusement .
`` Tom ! !
`` Looky '' .
`` See that wildcat '' ? ?
She saw it then , the distant derrick of the wildcat -- a test well in unexplored country .
And even with her limited knowledge of such things , she knew that the car could be repaired there ; ;
A wildcatter had to be prepared for almost any emergency .
`` Why , I meant what I said '' , Lord declared .
Then , with a shrug of pretended indifference , she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up .
Otherwise , she would be baited into a tantrum -- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself , and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs. Joyce Lakewood .
Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel .
Along with this self-satisfaction , however , Joyce sensed a growing tension .
Joyce had seen him like this once before -- more than once , actually , but on one particularly memorable occasion .
Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time , just waiting to catch him out of line .
McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip .
It was payday for Highlands , and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields .
Moreover , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff's office had made no previous issue of it .
I'm not the only man in town with a gun , or the only one without a permit '' .
By failing to do as he was told instantly -- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car -- he had played into Lord's hands .
`` Why single me out on this permit deal '' ? ?
`` Well , I'll tell you about that '' , Lord told him .
`` I know you've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can't blame you .
You think that Highlands swindled you and I helped 'em do it .
But you're all wrong , man ! !
I just do what I'm told , and '' --
`` uh-huh .
Not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes .
How could he exert authority over them -- make them toe the line , as he had to -- if he knuckled under to this small-town clown ? ?
`` I'll get around to it a little later '' , he mumbled desperately .
`` huh-uh .
Now , Mis-ter McBride '' , said Lord , and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field boss's arm .
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in .
He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront .
Then , as he doubled , gasping , vomiting the breakfast he had so lately eaten , Lord straightened him with an uppercut .
A rabbit punch redoubled him .
And then there was a numbing blow to the heart , and another gut-flattening blow to the stomach
But he couldn't keep up with them .
And he could no longer think of face-saving , of honor , but only of escape .
Why , he's going to kill me , he thought wildly .
I meant him no harm .
I was just doing my job , just following orders , and for that he's going to kill me .
McBride staggered into the street , flopped sprawling in the stinging dust .
Fear-maddened , fleeing the lengthening shadow of death , he scrambled to his feet again .
he was long past the point of coherent thinking .
Nothing unless
Donna was like he was .
When he regained consciousness he was in Lord's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the deputy's deceased father .
The herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first night's bedground .
There was some idle talk , a listless discussion of this or that small happening during the day's drive .
He'd started a fire and put coffee on , and now was busy at the work board of his chuck wagon .
He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven .
The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby .
Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire , and his wife was busy at it now .
Tom Brannon had caught up with the outfit shortly after the Maguires joined it , which had been at midday .
She wished that she could talk to her mother about it .
`` Pat , get out of that creek ! !
You too , Sean ! !
Even as she called to the children , Conchita let her gaze seek Tom Brannon .
Tomas , she called him -- as the Mexican hands did .
Conchita wondered .
It bothered her that she probably would never know .
Certainly , she wouldn't dare ask her father afterward .
He would tell her not to pry into grownups' affairs -- as though she were a little kid like Elena ! !
Brannon was hunkered down with his broad back to the left rear wheel , with the other two facing him .
His face was clouded with unhappiness .
Let Senora Brannon live in her father's house for a time .
After all , you want the senora as much as you want the boy .
`` John Clayton will see to that '' .
Ten ? ?
`` In a year she'll like living in Clayton's house too much to come back to me '' , Brannon said flatly .
`` But to take him and leave his mother behind is not good '' .
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain .
`` That I can't answer , for I can't imagine something like this happening to me .
Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no '' ? ?
`` And you ? ?
What would you do in my place '' ? ?
`` I don't know , Tom .
Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us .
You're going to need your woman .
They were silent for a little while , each looking glum .
And Hank Maguire added , `` So am I , Tom '' .
`` All right '' , Brannon said , rising .
They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm .
During much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east .
Later , they'd heard the rumble of thunder and then , just outside Rockfork , they ran into rain .
Those who had slickers donned them .
The others put on old coats or ducking jackets , whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles .
There were seven of them , enough for a show of strength -- to run a bluff .
It was to be nothing more than that .
There was to be no gunplay .
If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble , Brannon had told the others , they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time .
The seventh man was Red Hogan , a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising .
Lighted windows glowed jewel-bright through the downpour .
They reined in before the town marshal's office , a box-sized building on Main Street .
A lamp burned inside , but Brannon , peering through the window , saw that the office was empty .
`` Probably just stepped out '' , he said .
The rest of you wait here '' .
With Red Hogan , he rode to the Welcome Cafe .
`` Maybe he's at the hotel '' .
They reined in there , Brannon remaining in the saddle while Hogan went to look for Jesse Macklin in the hotel dining room .
He'd put on his old brown corduroy coat and it was already soaked .
He hardly noticed the blue-green flashes of lightning and the hard claps of thunder .
`` Sitting with a cup of coffee now .
He was puffing on a cigar , and he was turning up his coat collar against the rain .
`` Don't start anything you can't finish '' .
`` We'll talk over at your office '' .
They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office .
The other five Slash-B men followed them inside , crowding the small room .
His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms .
`` Every last one of you .
As for you , Brannon '' --
`` Now , hold on , damn it ; ;
`` Don't press your luck , badge-toter '' .
No man laid a hand on him , but the threat of violence was there .
He held out a moment longer , then his nerve gave under the pressure .
He swore , and said , `` All right .
Resignedly , Macklin turned to the back door .
It was secured by an oversized padlock .
Macklin balked again , not wanting to unlock and open the door .
Once the door was open , they crowded him inside the dark building .
They returned to the street , mounted their horses , rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street .
He came to the edge of the veranda , peered down at them with his hand on his gun .
`` Don't try it '' , Brannon told him , dismounting and starting up the steps with his men following .
`` Don't get yourself killed for something that doesn't concern you '' .
He strode past the now frightened man , entered the house .
For men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second .
For , with a single exception , nothing had happened to them .
The exception was an Iron Mountain settler named William Lewis .
A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded .
He had done his rustling openly and boasted about it .
He had received both first and second anonymous notices , and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them .
He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who didn't have a friend in the world .
`` I'll be ready next time '' ! !
He raged .
`` Just let me meet up with that damned bushwhackin' coward face-to-face '' ! !
He exploded .
`` That's all I ask '' ! !
Prosecutor Baird immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment .
For Tom Horn , it turned out , had a number of rancher and cowboy witnesses ready and willing to swear with straight faces that he had been in Bates Hole the day of the killing .
He immediately rode on to Cheyenne , threw a ten-day drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends .
He'd grin .
You reckon there's two men in this state can shoot like that '' ? ?
Publicly , he denied everything .
Privately , he created and magnified an image of himself as a hired assassin .
A good many beef-hungry settlers were accepting the death of William Lewis as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats .
The company herds were being raided less often , and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted .
Even in the very area where the shooting had been done , cattle were still disappearing .
For less than a dozen miles from the unplowed land of the dead man lived another settler who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be foreclosed on -- a blatant and defiant rustler named Fred Powell .
`` Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle '' his own hired man , Andy Ross , mentioned later .
Haying time was close at hand , and they needed some strong branches to repair a hay rack .
`` My God , I'm shot '' ! !
Powell gasped .
A detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the rifleman's hiding place .
Later , riding in for some lusty enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of Cheyenne , he laid claim to the killing with the vague insinuations he made .
`` Exterminatin' cow thieves is just a business proposition with me '' , he'd blandly announce .
Even as he became widely known as a professional killer , nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend .
`` Well '' , he explained , `` s'posin' you was a nester swingin' the long rope ? ?
Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ?
`` But well , it just don't seem sportin' somehow '' ! !
`` Sportin' '' ! !
`` I seen a lot o' things in my time .
I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o' their skulls .
When Fred Powell's brother-in-law , Charlie Keane , moved into the dead man's home , the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice :
Keane left , within three days .
It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state .
For that legend was growing explosively , Rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man .
) Rumor had it he slipped two small rocks under each victim's head as a sort of trademark .
One thing was certain -- his method was effective , so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary .
The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper Laramie country in a single week .
He evidently couldn't foresee that it might be his downfall in the end .
Such ranchers as Coble and Clay and the Bosler brothers carried him on their books as a cowhand even while he was receiving a much larger salary from parties unknown .
Brenner's voice was oily , but Summers wasn't fooled .
He moistened his lips uneasily .
`` It's very simple .
Tell her to come here to the hotel '' .
Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her '' .
`` I don't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner's plans .
Couldn't I just '' -- His voice trailed off into silence .
He turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he hadn't before noticed .
`` You know , Summers '' , he said thoughtfully .
`` Yes sir '' .
His face pale , Summers headed for the street .
Curt's visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching .
The fact that Jess's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane's information had been wrong , but Curt didn't interpret it this way .
A man like Jess would want to have a ready means of escape in case it was needed .
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding .
There was a light in Black's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior .
There was no lock on the door , only an iron hook which he unfastened .
He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him .
Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws .
He found a match in his pocket and lit it .
Curt snuffed out the match .
It was certain now that Jess was in the house , but also , presumably , was Stacey Black .
The startled animal let out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall .
He slapped the buckskin again and it kicked wildly , its hoofs rattling the side of the stall .
The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell's the matter with you ? ?
A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop .
As he crossed to the side of the stall , Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer .
`` Remember what happened to Gruller '' .
`` That's the stuff '' , Curt said .
`` You and I have a little talking to do , Jess .
You won't be needing this '' .
`` Damn you , Adams '' -- Jess was beginning to recover from his initial shock .
Now turn around so I can see your face '' .
Jess turned .
I don't know what you're up to , but when Brenner '' --
`` It's Ben Arbuckle we're going to talk about '' .
`` I don't know nothin' about him '' .
`` No ? ?
Curt's fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun .
`` So help me , Crouch , I'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I'm going to hear you admit killing him .
Who told you to do it ? ?
Was it Dutch Brenner '' ? ?
He retreated a step and holstered his own .
Sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face .
The fingers of his right hand twisted into a claw , but he didn't reach for the gun .
`` Does this make it any easier , coward '' ? ?
`` I ain't drawin' against you '' , Jess said thickly .
You're the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club .
He had found Curt's weakness , or what to Jess was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it .
Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed .
Once more he lifted Jess's gun from its holster , only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin .
He dropped his own beside it .
He slammed into the wall , bounced back , and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning .
When his eyes began to focus , he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork .
Curt twisted to one side , and the tines of the fork bit into the floor .
The tines broke off under Jess's twisting , and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt's brains out .
They made Jess double over .
The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again .
Jess didn't seem too sure himself .
Jess had had enough .
Blood gushed from his nose , and he backed off as rapidly as he could , stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curt's fists .
You killed him , didn't you '' ? ?
`` He found out about you and Arbuckle talking .
He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble '' .
Turning his back , Curt crossed to the stall , reached over to untie the buckskin's halter rope , and waved his hand in the animal's face .
Leaving Jess's where it lay , he left the stall .
We're going someplace '' .
Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door .
`` Who's in there '' ? ?
Black called fearfully .
Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulder , and pulled him into the barn .
`` Get out of here .
You're coming along peacefully , or I'll put a bullet in your leg '' .
`` Where're you takin' me '' ? ?
`` We're going to Marshal Woods's house .
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone '' .
Over his shoulder he could see Max's loose grin and the Burnsides' glowering faces .
His wounds need dressing now '' .
`` Got a lot to tend to , but I'll get back quick as I can '' , he assured her .
Dan could hear Clayton Burnside and Eben Jackson summing up their final reckoning for rental on the oxen .
So long as Sally's pa was coming out best on the haggle , Dan didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth .
Soon as the Burnsides moved on , he'd lead Rex down by the river ; ;
He stooped , picked up his ruined hat , and pursed his lips thoughtfully .
From the way the wound in his head was itching , Dan knew that it would heal .
But his only hat was something else again .
`` Nate ! !
The Burnsides , now ready to roll , were purposefully deaf to his cry .
`` I ain't going to fight you no more '' .
Nate turned his head , attempting to speak in a soothing voice .
Dan affirmed , feeling ten feet tall .
`` Here's a present for you '' , he said , shoving his bullet-riddled hat down over Nate's purpling forehead .
`` Me and you's trading hats so's you'll have something permanent to remember me by '' ! !
Sally left her choring to stand beside Dan .
Slipping her hand in his , they silently watched the Burnsides make the bend in the road and disappear from sight .
Much as they had to look forward to , they didn't begrudge a moment of the time they spent seeing them go .
At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes .
Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda could not speak at all .
Then , with a glory that almost wiped out the deep , downward sags in her careworn face , Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to Hez , who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon `` Pa ! !
And he's with the Jacksons '' ! !
Hez asked , who still believed they'd have them to lick .
She replied .
Soon they were all shouting greetings , exchanging smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again .
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires .
From then on , in keeping with the traditions they had followed since childhood , the whole group settled down to relish their food .
Even Sally , in spite of her gaiety and obvious welcome , followed the old taboo of `` quitting the gab when wearing the nosebag '' .
`` Golly '' , Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators , `` don't that fiddle make you wish the Bible didn't say us Baptists can't dance '' ? ?
`` Not that it matters to me , being this far along '' .
`` Come spring , you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too , gal '' .
And she really tried to go a step further and say she hoped they'd be just as right as they now were for her and for Rod .
Not with the memory of her folks and the lost Conestoga still holding her close .
Out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was Dan , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` The farmer choose his wife '' .
With a swift swoop of his big arms , he grabbed Sally out of the circle surrounding him , and then kissed her soundly before setting her down so she could stand by his side while they jointly chose the rest of their `` outfit '' .
Soon the child , the dog , the cat and even the cheese , all joined them out there in the circle .
Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains .
Next morning , they moved on again .
Gran Harrow exclaimed , watching their rippling muscles as Rod and Dan swung her up into the load .
Leaning forward in her chair , Gran nearsightedly scrutinized Dan's face .
The two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed Gran her cold snack and water jug , placed the chamber pot beside her feet , and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice .
`` Rheumatics worse , Pa '' ? ?
Dan asked Hez , who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends .
`` My right leg's stiff as a board this morning '' , he replied .
`` But the sun'll fry it out'n me onct we git to rolling '' .
`` Wonder what made them hurry so '' , Rod drawled , giving Dan a sly wink .
`` From now on , Sally and me and her folks aim to give you our turn when it comes up and fall in behind you and Rod's outfit '' .
`` Ain't no sense you eating our dust '' , Rod protested .
`` Jackson recruited his critters , and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up .
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now .
Besides , 'tain't no more'n right for me to follow with my black oxen , so's I can unhook and pull up fast if either of you get in a pinch '' .
`` Reckon ye're right , Dan '' , Hez called back over his shoulder .
`` I'll shore be needing ye both on the pull out o' the canyon '' .
Rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing , precipice-walled gorge .
`` We'll double teams zigzagging up the mountain , Harmony '' , he spoke reassuringly , concerned by the pinched look around her mouth .
`` Like enough we'll all be up on top by sundown '' .
While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous .
`` Gyp'll be holdin' forth in some bar if he's here at all '' , Cobb declared , glancing along the street as they stretched their legs .
There were no less than six or seven saloons in Ganado , not counting the lower class dives , all vying for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters .
It's all I ask , Stevens '' .
Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero .
He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street .
The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior .
Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him .
As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared .
He said swiftly .
`` He's there '' , he got out tersely , curbing his rising excitement .
Forced behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside .
While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday .
Carmer himself was nowhere to be seen .
A man knocked the roulette ball about idly in its track , and another dozed at one of the card tables .
Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar , while the sleek-headed bartender absently polished a glass .
`` Where yuh goin' '' ? ?
He did not reply , going on toward the back .
Pat moved into it .
Small rooms , probably for cards , opened off on either side .
All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder .
Pat saw Gyp Carmer staggering forward , a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike .
Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside .
With a bellow Carmer lunged at him .
He started to struggle up , heaving desperately .
Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach .
Kneeling , Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned .
I've drawn his fangs '' , he snapped .
If we have to we'll take him apart and see what he's made of '' ! !
Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer's hat , which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell .
Cobb got it .
`` By golly , Stevens ! !
You were right '' , Russ exclaimed , tearing the loose bills out of Carmer's hat .
`` That is , if we can be sure this is Colcord's money '' --
Pat grunted .
`` Where else would he get it ? ?
`` It's within a hundred of what Crip had '' , he declared .
Leaving the card room , they moved back through the Palace the way they had come .
Neither spoke till they reached their horses .
Pat paused there , looking across at the young fellow .
`` Not me '' , he ruled decidedly .
`` He'll know when you tell him .
`` Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs .
`` But I still think Penny's an awful nice girl , Russ '' --
At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler .
`` Penny's always glad to see me over there '' , he mused bleakly .
Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of Chuck Stober's part in recent events .
`` Gyp Carmer couldn't have known about Colcord's money unless he was told -- and who else would have told him '' ? ?
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ?
but on the range gunfire had a meaning .
Two minutes later it came again -- a double explosion , followed by a third , sounding more distant .
What did it mean ? ?
His first glimpse of the ranch house across the brushy swells told him nothing .
Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face .
When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression .
A carbine cracked more loudly , and a slug clipped fragments from the brush off at one side .
Toward the west this depression led toward a draw .
He had been sighted , and his attacker pumping shot after shot .
A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot .
A second twitched his shirtsleeve , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm .
Another snarled close overhead .
`` Jumping Jerusalem ! !
Sweeping a look around , he saw that he was safe for the moment .
He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words .
He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw , and made it .
He clambered out of the dwindling wash , the loose dirt flying behind him , and flashed a look about .
Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions .
And Sweeney Squadron put its first marks on the combat record .
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air .
Greg himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte .
It was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes .
No one had much to say .
Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before .
It's for carabao not airplanes '' .
`` Yeah .
See you '' , Donovan said as he jumped off the wing .
The expression was his trade-mark , his open sesame to good luck , and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return .
At the prearranged time , Greg started the engine and taxied out .
From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight , he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip .
The dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful .
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray .
Water splashed against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of showers .
They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it didn't close in before they returned .
Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle .
`` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg .
It was only a fifteen-minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia .
The formation remained perfect .
He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast .
Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity .
Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation .
He thought once that he identified the somewhat hysterical voice of Fleischman claiming a kill .
Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies .
The low clouds made bombing difficult .
There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run .
The accuracy was deplorable .
One of Greg's bombs hung up , and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it .
With their load of bombs gone , the planes moved swiftly and easily .
Like a man making a deep dive , Greg took full breath and plunged back into the valley .
He was about to make a gas check on his flight when Todman's voice broke in : `` Sweeneys ! !
Twelve o'clock level '' .
Greg's eyes flicked up from his instrument panel .
Friend or enemy ? ?
The same old question .
`` Zeros '' ! !
Todman said excitedly , and hopefully .
And then he thought Todman might be right .
His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification .
He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft .
But the closing aircraft showed no sign of deviating from their original course .
He pushed the radio button .
Todman , you take the one on the left .
I'll take the middle .
If they're Japs .
Greg had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two `` Rogers '' .
Greg's airspeed indicator was over 350 when he leveled off just above the trees .
The opposing aircraft continued to come on .
Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes .
There was , of course , no way for the other planes to get by them .
It was a box .
`` Todman , drop your second element back .
Even as he said it , Greg knew they had found the enemy .
The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom .
No turns .
You'll bust your ass in this canyon .
He moved the flights over against one wall .
If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out .
A hell of an altitude for a barrel roll , but it could be done .
Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting .
`` They haven't seen us '' .
Let's take 'em home '' .
He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag .
Out of the corner of his eye , he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him .
With the rapid rate of closure , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done .
He tightened his turn .
Eight aircraft in this small box .
The enemy did not veer .
It did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted .
Now ! !
The plane rumbled and slowed .
Luck was with him .
His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost inverted and heading up into the clouds .
He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back .
He had no idea which was up and which was down .
Sweat popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip .
Cool air moving slowly through the open or smashed-out side windows hinted of blooming roadside vegetation , and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat .
`` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced .
We were coming to an intersection , turning right , chuffing to a stop .
I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass .
gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold .
Suddenly a treble auto horn tootley-toot-tootled , and , thumbing hopefully , I saw emergent in windshield flash : red lips , streaming silk of blonde hair and -- ah , trembling confusion of hope , apprehension , despair -- the leering face of old Herry .
Just as I straightened up with my duffel bag , I heard : `` Sahjunt Yoorick , meet Mrs. Major J. A. Roebuck '' .
`` Ahm goin nawth t'jawn mah husbun in Sante Fe , an y'all maht prefuh the suhthuhn rewt .
But Corporal Johnson has alreadeh said it didn make no diffrunce t'hi-im '' .
Let me pass over the trip to Sante Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs. Roebuck `` wonduh if the wahtahm speed limit '' ( 35 m.p.h. ) `` is still in ee-faket '' .
Mrs. Roebuck smilingly declined and began suddenly to go on about her son , who was `` onleh a little younguh than you bawhs '' .
Johnson never would have believed she had a son that age .
Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a `` sweet bawh t'lah lahk thet '' , but her Herman was getting to be a man , there was no getting around it .
`` No , I don't '' , Johnson said .
Hardly had Mrs. Roebuck driven off when a rusty pick-up truck , father or grandfather of Senor `` Moriarty's '' Ford sedan , came screeching to a dust-swirling stop , and a brown face appeared , its nose threatened by shards of what had once been the side window .
`` Get in , buddies .
Get in '' .
Johnson unwired the right hand door , whose window was , like the left one , merely loosely-taped fragments of glass , and Johnson wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer .
`` In back , buddy '' , the driver said to me .
I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's similarity to Senor X's Ford turtle .
Whatever satisfaction that might offer .
Something pulled my leg .
I drew back , drawing back my foot for a kick .
But it was only Johnson reaching around the wire chicken fencing , which half covered the truck cab's glassless rear window .
The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear .
`` Bueno , amigo .
Gracias '' , I hollered , my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary .
I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards .
We were in a field , in a tight , screeching turn .
When I fell on my back , I saw a vulture hovering .
This time no wire came whipping into the truck .
I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab's rear window .
You thought I was a Mexican , didn't you , buddy '' ? ?
I nodded .
The beer foamed furiously .
I drank furiously .
Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound .
Suddenly the Spanish became an English in which only one word emerged with clarity and precision , `` son of a bitch '' , sometimes hyphenated by vicious jabs of a beer bottle into Johnson's quivering ribs .
In the ditch sand was white and soft-looking , only an occasional pebble discernible , faintly gleaming .
But Johnson couldn't quickly unwire the truck door , and if I escaped , he might suffer .
The car was approaching fast .
On the truck bed there was nothing smaller than a piece of rusty machinery ; ;
There was no time to pick out a penny ; ;
I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile .
There was a blur just under my focus of vision , a crash ; ;
I heard the screech of brakes behind me , an insane burst of laughter beneath me .
`` S-s-sahjunt '' .
Johnson's fat hand , another bottle were protruding from the truck cab , and that self-proclaimed Baptist teetotaler , had a bottle at his own lips .
Two cars came over a crest , their chrome and glass flashing .
I saw Johnson's bottle snatched from his hand , saw it go in a swirl of foam just behind the second car .
She sat quietly , staring at me from the wide eyes .
Plus flawless skin , smooth brow and cheeks , lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them .
It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I couldn't remember where we had met .
Shall I go on '' ? ?
It was her first smile .
I said .
`` But one word at a time , O.K. '' ? ?
She was still hugging the stained coat around her , so I said , `` Relax , let me take your things .
`` No , thanks '' .
She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched , wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out .
`` I forgot '' ! !
`` Oh , do forgive me .
`` I forgive '' --
`` You and me both , dear .
`` Zing '' ! !
`` Why , yes .
`` Yes , indeed .
In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen-inch screen when you rang my bell .
What's your name , anyway ? ?
`` Splendid .
In a waterfall and all that '' .
`` I'll bet .
I don't mean to pry , but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles ? ?
I mean : Is advertising honest ? ?
It wouldn't -- wouldn't seem fair , somehow '' .
`` I really do have something important to tell you , Mr. Scott .
About the murder '' .
Oh , yeah '' , I said .
Zing was the creation of two men , Louis Thor and Bill Blake , partners in zing ! !
They'd peddled the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when -- with the addition of `` SX-21 '' to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign -- sales had soared practically into orbit .
Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A.M.A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you didn't bathe .
My lovely caller -- Joyce Holland was her name -- had previously done three filmed commercials for zing , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor .
The finished -- and drastically cut -- product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; ;
even to clean men and boys .
Everybody left and I stayed in the pool , then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too .
And he didn't have any clothes on '' .
Did , I mean '' .
`` You got away , didn't you '' ? ?
`` Yes .
`` So I just scooted out of his clutches .
The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I'd changed '' .
She'd driven around for a while , Joyce said , then , thinking Louis Thor would have calmed down by that time , she'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool .
While several yards from it , still concealed by the shrubbery , she'd seen two men on her left at the pool's edge .
`` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up .
Maybe Lou was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead .
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive .
`` You know who the other man was '' ? ?
What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes -- and handbag containing her identification .
She realized I'd have to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name .
`` And I so want the part '' , she said .
`` The commercials have just been for money , there hasn't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in Underwater Western Eye I'd have a chance to act .
`` I'm starting to itch '' , she said .
`` Oh , I'd love to '' .
That always relaxes me .
`` Only when I do it '' .
So you'll have everything all to yourself , doggone ''
Ten after nine .
Time to go , I supposed .
`` Goodbye .
Softly .
Warmly .
I'll be soaking for at least half an hour '' .
That was all she said .
I spun about and clattered through the front room to the door .
Hot water .
Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan , and it took me less than five minutes to get there .
Four cars were parked at the curb , and two of them were police radio cars .
I followed a shrubbery-lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool .
I grinned , but ignored the question .
He didn't push it ; ;
A call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine P.M. , and the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that -- 10 minutes ago now .
Present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor -- had been Thor's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account .
Neither of them , I understood , had been present at the filming session earlier .
`` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine PM for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' .
`` How would I know ? ?
It's a secret .
Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body .
Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on 'em .
The PM might show he drowned instead , but that's what the once-over-lightly gives us .
Accident , murder , suicide -- take your pick '' .
Too many people think that the primary purpose of a higher education is to help you make a living ; ;
If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do , and now I understand why they are classics ; ;
those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick .
I worked for my Uncle ( an Uncle by marriage so you will not think this has a mild undercurrent of incest ) who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans' Vieux Carre , the old French Quarter .
I had come to New Orleans two years earlier after graduating college , partly because I loved the city and partly because there was quite a noted art colony there .
When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted .
I loved the city and I particularly loved the gaiety and spirit of Mardi Gras .
I had seen two of them and we would soon be in another city-wide , joyous celebration with romance in the air ; ;
My Uncle and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages .
Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt , by blood , had died some years ago , but neither of us said anything .
One Monday morning I saw him approach the store with a woman and introduce me to her as my new Aunt .
They were married over the week-end , though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty .
She looked more like twenty-five or six .
It was really a May and December combination .
My new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex .
The true artist is like one of those scientists who , from a single bone can reconstruct an animal's entire body .
The artist looks at an ankle , a calf , a bosom and , in his mind's eye , the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is .
That she impressed me instantly was obvious ; ;
I thought I saw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly suffuse her cheeks .
True , she was my Aunt , married to an Uncle related to me only by marriage , but why she had married a man twice her age , and more , perhaps , I did not know or much care .
As it is in so many affairs of the heart , a man and a woman meet and something clicks .
When our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of `` Me , too '' .
It is nothing you can put your fingers on but the air suddenly fills with a high charge of electricity .
I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me .
The cavernous depth , cluttered with antiques , echoed to her hard heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk .
I was standing beside her , watching the outspread palms and wondering about the old horsehair sofa against the wall on which he sometimes napped .
Her mouth , which had been so much in my thoughts , was warm and moist and tender .
I heard her murmur , `` We'd better lock the door '' .
`` I don't know '' , she said .
I've noticed the way you've been looking at me ever since we met '' .
`` But now what '' ? ?
`` I know what we can do '' , I said .
`` Tell him I made a pass at you '' .
She said incredulously .
`` When I was in college '' , I grinned , `` I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class .
In those days poems often told a story in verse and those boys had some corkers to tell ; ;
Tomorrow Mardi Gras opens officially .
We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain .
When I show up he will know you are a good wife to have told him about it '' .
It will turn out all right '' .
`` I don't understand '' , she insisted .
`` Are you trying to cut your throat '' ? ?
I must say the figure was well made up .
If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him .
`` You cheap bitch '' ! !
You should -- smack ! !
-- be ashamed of yourself .
A card to Walter would get him an introduction to this Meredith , and that might be good for something .
Nicolas called on his muse , a line came back :
And indeed , his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend , the poet Nicolas Manas , to his friend Meredith Wilder .
He inwardly cried .
His hand was large and square and heavily tanned .
The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt .
His four weeks in Italy had turned into nearer three months .
Now , he was just in the late poems of Holderlin and therefore had most of the nineteenth century before him -- plus next semester's class preparation .
He was determined to spend an industrious summer .
Meredith's fingers slowed and stopped over a line before him : Sie lacheln , die Schwarzen Hexen .
The menace of Manas gradually faded as Meredith asked himself should he translate it , ' How the dark fates laughed ' ? ?
Or , more rhythmically , ' The swarthy witches are laughing ' ? ?
Her heart , her maternal feeling , in fact her being was too busy expressing itself , as quietly thrilled by this sight of her Nicolas curled asleep under a blanket , in a park like a scene from Poussin .
She was just not able to break the spell .
To this meek conjugation Nicolas had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket .
And when you get off this job tonight , well , you can gimme something to eat '' .
And , as a matter of fact , Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew .
He had always known how to find a bed , and on his own terms .
He used the blanket for late morning naps when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave him in their small rooms with their few possessions .
Mary Jane Lerner knew none of this .
) Her Nicolas lay curled in the sun like a fawn , black hair falling over his eyes .
The next day he was gone .
Mary Jane might not be the most intelligent woman , but she was one of the most determined .
Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in Harry's Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours .
`` Dear girl '' , Walter had finally said , `` he writes me that he is sleeping in the English Gardens '' .
Mary Jane had smilingly said .
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday .
In his dream he cried , `` Slow down , for Chrissake '' ! !
He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass .
He half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then , more vigorously , between his legs .
He belched , he stretched .
Families are very interesting .
Meredith was irritated when the Grafin knocked at his door and told him , `` She is a great beauty ! !
Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ?
Rather erotically he listened to the bath water running ; ;
when it stopped he began busily typing , sitting up in a virtuous way .
Before dinner , he shaved for the second time that day .
In the small gallery used as the guests' dining room , Meredith sat down at his place and , as always , began teasing the young waitress .
He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table .
Yet he did drop his badinage with the ordinary country girl as much in deference to the Grafin as acknowledgement that here , indeed , was something special .
Mary Jane had made very little effort .
Her white blond hair was clean and brushed long straight down to her shoulders .
Meredith began falling in love .
Soup : `` Only this morning '' ; ;
Fruit compote : `` If you think I would understand it '' ; ;
a smile .
`` What a beautiful room .
Like as if it were built of books '' .
It tastes a little like poppyseed .
What's its name ? ?
`` Would you first read the poem aloud to me and then let me read it to myself '' ? ?
Meredith's voice was always deep , with rough bass notes in it ; ;
The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : `` Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite , Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night , '' ( Mary Jane asked herself if Meredith was blushing at this line , or was it the fire ? ?
) But he read on .
`` Oh , it's that myth , about Orpheus and What is her name ? ?
I can never pronounce it '' .
But with her hand poem again .
They discussed the way people never tell each other the things on their minds .
She confessed she was unhappy , he asked was it her husband ? ?
She began to explain , `` There was this poet , in Italy '' He interrupted , `` Please don't judge all poets '' .
Kissing her he whispered , several times , `` Eurydice '' .
They were west of the Sabine , but only God knew where .
He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs .
He unlashed the dipper and drew water from a barrel .
They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation .
But it was water .
Thank the Lord , they still had water ! !
He cleansed his mouth with a small quantity .
He took a long but carefully controlled draught .
She took it grudgingly , her dark eyes baleful as they met his .
She drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face .
`` What happens when there's no more water '' ? ?
She asked smolderingly .
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up .
And all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly .
He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river .
`` We can get it if we dig '' , he said patiently .
She scoffed .
`` Or do you want to see if I can stand fever , too '' ? ?
`` The tires are rattling on the wheels now .
There was no valley like this on your map .
`` Hettie '' , he said as gently as he could , `` we're still headed west .
Somewhere , we'll hit a trail '' .
`` Somewhere ! !
'' She repeated .
`` Maybe in time to make a cross and dig our graves '' .
He had picked out this pathless trail , instead of the common one , in a moment of romantic fancy , to give them privacy on their honeymoon .
It wasn't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her .
It had been five days too late before he learned that she'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum , administered by her mother .
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder .
But each mile westward , she had hated him the deeper .
`` They wouldn't have sold me in the first place if there'd been food enough to go around '' .
`` They knew I was a good sharecrop farmer back in Carolina , but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own .
Without money or property , what would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? ?
`` I might have starved , but at least I wouldn't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt '' ! !
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead .
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead .
Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge .
`` You had better get inside '' , he warned her .
But she sat on in stubborn silence .
The clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel .
Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones .
Their world turned black .
It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence .
Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods .
Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks .
The jetting , frothing surface of the river reached the level of the runoff .
The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising .
The cloudburst cut off abruptly .
The water level was higher than their hubs .
Clumps of brush rode down the ribbon .
The girl crawled out into the renewing warmth of the sunshine , hugging her shoulders and still trembling .
Somebody was riding the tree .
But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell .
The pale blob of the woman disappeared .
It was nearly sundown and he went to the back of the wagon , half-swimming his way , for he was not a tall man .
He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward .
Of all their worldly belongings , next to the oxen and his gun , the seed grain had been the most treasured .
It was spoiled now for seed , and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it .
The oxen might as well enjoy it .
He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate , dry hills that rimmed the valley .
The spokes were tight again , the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece .
He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate .
A tight wagon meant so much .
He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee .
Their jams and jellies had not suffered .
He looked thoughtfully at his wife's trunk , holding her meager treasures .
That's a good trunk .
She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there isn't a thing that won't be streaked '' .
He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs .
Sulphur , oil , and copra make the kind of tinder any firebug dreams of .
I suppose a Lascar sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze .
I heard a cry from a stoker as a pillar of flame leaped from a hatch and tongued the man's bare back .
Brassnose yelled : `` Come on , Sommers , Max step on it , we got a chance now .
Heave on those ropes ; ;
We pulled and swore and yanked and wept , scraping our hands until they bled profusely .
`` That tub is going to explode all at once '' .
Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam , geysers of sparks and flames , and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke .
Dimly , we heard the voices of men in mortal agony but we couldn't go back into that inferno .
The big man with the whitened hair murmured something : his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue , which I recognized , having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6 , class at the University of Chicago .
`` God help us if we're near the island of Eromonga .
I was puzzled by the remark , then I recalled the voice of mild Professor Howard Griggs three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies .
The place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century -- stone age amazons who live in an all-female , matriarchal society which is self-sufficient '' .
I'm sure that males have something to do with that process '' ! !
`` I think I know what you mean , Brassnose '' , I said .
Three hours later , while we were bailing desperately , a dot of land came into view .
Foster Lukuklu Frayne made a sign over his heart with his two linked thumbs : I recognized it as an ancient Manu gesture intended to propitiate the Devil .
A half-hour passed ; ;
`` Tchalo ! !
There was a wooden tower or derrick there , something like a ski jump ; ;
It was embarrassing to see strapping , blonde Brassnose comport himself like a child who talks about bogeymen .
Often , I heard my uncles and cousins speak of it when I was a small boy growing up in Rabaul .
But he had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked .
So , I mustered my few words of the Manu dialect and said , `` We greet you in peace .
In ngandlu .
My friends and I come from a ship which was destroyed by fire .
My people await you on the shore .
Thirty minutes later , the outrigger grated on sand and other girls , waiting on shore , rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder .
I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there .
I looked .
All my rosy visions of rest and even pleasure on this island vanished at the sight .
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick .
There was one object which sickened yet fascinated me .
The body may have been two or three weeks' dead .
The man must have leaped to his death from the topmost rung of the tultul .
Later , you shall know it better .
Is it not well-made ? ?
We are very proud of it '' .
He looked as if he was going to keel over .
Not so soon , anyway .
He speaks your language too , for he is the grandson of a chieftain on Taui who made much magic and was strong and cunning .
You've ruined me , blast you '' ! !
But a glance at Songau and the other women confirmed what Brassnose had blurted out .
At a nod from Songau , four lithe and muscular girls darted to Frayne's side and seized him by the arms .
but four Eromonga women are more than a match for the strongest male that ever lived .
My last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face
In the Manu tongue , `` eromonga '' means manhood -- a quality which the women derisively toasted in weekly feasts at which great quantities of a brew like kava were imbibed .
In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases .
Her name was L'Turu and she told me many things .
From L'Turu , I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations .
But in the middle of the last century an island woman named `` Karipo '' seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled .
She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied , by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death .
`` All men went away from here .
In the shade of a palm tree in front of the squalid dwelling I saw four figures in a semi-circle on the ground .
`` I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized , then headed for home .
Maybe to beat up on his squaw '' .
For a moment his hatred toward drunken or careless drivers softened .
Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault , Ramey thought .
Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how , like any of us .
He said to his partner .
`` You mean dream '' ? ?
Just see it '' .
`` Nope , just you , all the time -- sometimes I think it's the only way I'll ever get a decent partner '' .
Then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think .
`` He wasn't in the car '' , Ramey said .
`` If you want to see something , he's back on the other side by the trunk of the car '' .
The insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they towed the rig back to town .
`` There's a body you won't mind looking at '' , Benson said and they stopped .
She had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates , although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that .
She wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt .
It made only a tiny bump over the two men like a tire over a piece of gravel then moved on .
The girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson , in that barefoot courtliness Ramey could never decide was real , said , `` You don't want to go around there , Ma'am '' .
The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car .
The two drivers moved closer .
Benson said to Ramey .
The laces were broken at the bottom of the eyelets but there was still a bow knot at the top .
He wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck , the sleeves pushed above the elbows .
It was simply a matter of curiosity , a natural right to examine .
The man said , backing up a step , still looking down .
There was a gentle concern in Benson's voice .
Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the man's tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded , blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement .
But what is it ? ?
Ramey heard the words again inside , weakened , the way moving water sounds through a grove of trees , until he was not sure whether it was sound or light-headedness pressing in his ears .
The sneaker reached out once more to tap against the mass and Ramey's vision darkened except for an unreasonable clarity of the man's leg .
He stared at the shining , shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees , `` Don't do that , fella .
It was a straight , solid , once-in-a-lifetime shot ; ;
Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand .
He hadn't done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard .
His arms hung like empty shirt sleeves , and his mouth was slightly open .
After what seemed several seconds , the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it .
He moaned and pulled the hand away .
Someone said .
`` He's hurt '' ! !
A woman's voice said , and then he heard a sort of wail from the man's wife .
one of his hands flattened out on the pavement and supported him .
`` Can you hear , can you talk to me '' ? ?
`` Why did you do it -- why did you hit him '' ? ?
She said , her voice rising .
Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers .
No one seemed to know for sure what had happened , nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver , beyond finding out .
Ramey looked around and caught sight of his partner near the front end of the wrecked truck talking to the patrolman .
Benson moved his arms , gesturing with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly .
Ramey caught a glimpse of the insurance man .
It's all over now , the driver thought as he saw the patrolman turn and walk rapidly down along the trailer toward them .
Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer .
He walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him .
`` You all right '' ? ?
`` Mough -- it's my mough '' , the man said , trying to talk without moving his lips .
His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it .
Then he calmly and carefully slugged the remaining five shots into the venomous head -- caught in the wicker back of the chair , the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute .
He heard their chattering , and then the sounds of hacking as they dismembered the snake right on the porch with wood axes .
She was sitting on the edge of the bed again , back in the same position where the snake had found her .
`` Keith '' , said Penny , `` Keith , you were wonderful .
Thank you , Keith '' .
Seven years they'd been married .
He knew her mind pretty well , by now , its quick perceptions and sympathies , its painful insistence on truth and directness , its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate , even in part .
But her beauty always surprised him anew .
`` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said Keith .
`` But knowing you , I know that you're glad to be alive , and grateful -- and sorry because I killed the snake , even though I had to .
Penny lowered her eyes .
`` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime .
Asked Keith , his voice getting harsher in spite of himself , as he struggled to control his growing anger .
`` It was a king cobra , the largest you ever saw , and it deserved to live out its life in the jungle , didn't it ? ?
didn't it ? ?
''
Penny did not answer .
`` We're all God's creatures , aren't we '' ? ?
`` All of us -- every goddam roach and worm and killer in that jungle .
You love this village and these stinking brown people because they're God's creatures , too .
And he loves you because you're a beautiful woman .
We're all God's creatures , aren't we , Penny ? ?
All of us , that is , except me .
`` There isn't anything left to say , is there , Keith '' ? ?
She softly let herself into the bed , and took her regular side , away from the door , where she slept better because Keith was between her and the invader .
He knew she was not sulking , not even angry at him .
Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him .
The Brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world , the towering white headwalls of the Himalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet .
He thought of the jungles below him , and of the wild , strange , untracked beauty there and he promised himself that someday he would return , on foot perhaps , to hunt in this last corner of the world where man is sometimes himself the hunted , and animals the lords .
But `` after the war '' was a luxury of a phrase he did not permit himself .
He became a fighter pilot after the stint over the Hump in the big crates .
The RAF was Britain's weapon of attrition , and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war .
That was true , but only half the truth .
And he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi .
Nowadays , we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish .
Not quite .
He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all .
They don't go for bull-like muscle , as a rule .
His hair was black , already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom , the only one permitted to a man .
Penny and Keith had no romance .
But they met in one searing moment that gave them to one another instantly .
But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps .
There was a measure of protection in its concrete walls and ceiling , but the engineers who hastily installed it were well aware that concrete is not much better than prayer , if as efficacious , when a direct hit comes along .
The blast damaged , but did not destroy the room .
The chaplain married them , on the next day .
After the war , Penny had wanted Keith at least to visit her home with her .
It wasn't that , however , which decided them not to go to America .
He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains , and the jungles .
He couldn't stop killing .
And in the hunting land , this hunger was considered to be a noble thing .
This was the land of the sladang , the great water buffalo with horns forty inches across the spread .
He even hunted elephant , although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin .
He and Penny would go out on tame elephants , raised from babyhood in the keddah .
And while he was ever alert for game , and most particularly a tiger , Penny marvelled at the Eden they were traversing .
They came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools .
There were fantastic flowers without perfume , and gaudy birds without song .
Now , the next morning , they were anchored at The Elbow and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down 600 fathoms , with the weighted line beside it ; ;
and Robinson Roy , who had gone down this line ten minutes before to set a new depth record for the free dive , was already back on the surface .
He and his safety man , Herr Schaffner , swam up to the boarding ladder together .
He was frowning .
`` I loused it '' , Rob said , with a savage note in his voice .
The German asked .
`` The equipment was fine '' , Rob stated , standing up .
He was a huge young man of twenty-four , clothed in muscle , immensely strong , with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation .
So you turn around '' .
`` When I came up , damnit , I thought I was going down .
`` Pressure-happy '' , Artie said , and climbed in .
`` That's right '' , Robinson said .
`` I was expecting it , sure .
You don't head back down again .
Not me , anyway .
Now he was going to show how much he knew .
He ran into the rapture of the depths .
Nitrogen narcosis .
It makes the diver feel drunk '' .
`` Anyway '' , Waddell went on .
`` It's nothing to fool with .
Personally , I don't blame him for giving up the dive , much as I regret losing the story '' .
`` Nobody's giving anything up '' , Robinson said .
I'm going down again '' .
He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of `` Commodore '' was never used without irony .
Old Commodore Forsythe , who had once lost a fifty-dollar bet on whether he could get both motors started and turn on the running lights without accidentally turning on something else first .
`` Why '' , he went on , `` when Rob asked me if he could make his dive on this trip , I didn't think twice about it .
Hell , I gave him the first decent job he ever had , six , seven -- how many years ago was it , Rob '' ? ?
He was thinking , big deal : skipper on his drunken fishing parties for seven years and no better off than when I started .
He went down the steps to the galley and sleeping quarters ; ;
went into the forward stateroom and locked the door behind him .
Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge .
He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German , who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley .
`` Hi there , Schaffner '' , he had said .
Waddell had heard that he had been a commando in Rommel's Afrika Corps , and he said to himself : I'd hate to run into him in the desert on a dark night .
Aloud he had said , making conversation :
`` Yes '' , Herr Schaffner had said .
`` He's one hell of a decent boy .
I like that kid '' .
`` No '' ? ?
He asked .
Shaffner looked at him , altogether without guile , and shrugged his shoulders , making a little spreading gesture with his two hands .
`` What do you mean '' ? ?
Waddell asked , frowning .
`` Please let me explain '' , the German said earnestly , his face still devoid of deceit .
`` I have in Europe a gross business of seven million dollars the year .
Now I wish to enter the American market , where the competition is very strong .
With all respect to a fine young man , Mr. Roy is not able to provide these necessaries '' .
`` Did you tell him all this '' ? ?
He asked .
He was most eager to make the dive ; ;
`` One moment '' ! !
`` What else '' ? ?
Waddell asked .
Waddell said .
`` You will make him unhappy and anxious '' , the German said .
`` At 200 , 300 , 400 feet under the water , when he must be paying very much attention , he will be thinking about what you are telling him .
There was no doubt that Herr Schaffner meant every word of what he said .
`` I am an honest man '' , the German said with fervor .
All tourists come to Florida .
But there is no use causing him to worry at this time '' .
The German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty .
It would be a colossal shame to throw away a story like this .
`` I think maybe you're right , Schaffner '' , he said .
`` Yes '' , the German said .
the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business America .
He had asked .
Now , in that same cabin , Robinson fell to his knees beside a bunk .
Folding between his hands the cross that hung from his neck , he took his appeal direct to Headquarters .
Make it come off all right .
Let me set the record this time , and let me get back OK , so the German will give me the exclusive .
And make my life different and better from this time on .
He felt a good deal less shaky .
Artie had picked up a snorkle and was twirling it on his forefinger .
He waited awhile before he said , `` Roy , you know your decompression table , don't you '' ? ?
`` You know what they say about two deep dives in one day '' , Artie went on , still twirling the snorkle and studying it intently .
`` I don't think you should go down again '' .
The enemy came looming around a bend in the trail and Matsuo took a hasty shot , then fled without knowing the result , ran until breath was a pain in his chest and his legs were rubbery .
As his feet slowed , he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand .
In the leafiest part of the tree , straddling a broad horizontal limb , he could see over the meadow .
He had no doubt the marine was the lead scout of a column , and while his shot had probably bred indecision , they would soon come hunting .
His superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure .
tomorrow : no surrender .
He murmured to himself , with firmness : `` No surrender '' .
It was best to die fighting the marines .
What if the marines never came ? ?
His comrades were all dead .
He had no rice .
The knife , an ammunition pouch , and a half-filled bottle of purified water hung on his belt .
Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea .
At nightfall he had been able to sneak down a hillside and into the jungle , reeking of death .
Apprehensively he peered to the left , to the right into the leafy , vine-crisscrossed maze .
He decided that the marines must be deploying around the meadow , with the one left to distract him .
He strained his hearing .
Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird .
Humiliation made Matsuo tremble .
While his comrades cocked the trap , that one behaved as if it was some dull maneuver .
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound .
Like a mischievous boy expecting punishment , Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle .
The jungle did not retort .
The sitter remained seated hugging the tree .
Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete passiveness , concluding that he was the butt of a devilish joke .
Five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight , immediately throwing his hands over his eyes .
He went into a whirling dance , a sort of blind chasing of the tail .
It ended when he tumbled ; ;
The bobbing head was a poor target , so Matsuo shot him in the upper trunk .
The marine was alone , for they were impatient people and by now would have vied to knock him from the tree .
Down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage .
The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away , one arm extended .
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out .
He squatted by the head , gently placing the rifle on the ground .
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone ; ;
Maintaining his clutch on the hair , Matsuo watched the closed eyes while rummaging in the jacket pockets .
In the other : a wristwatch with broken crystal wrapped in a dirty handkerchief .
He didn't smoke and could not light fires with a flintless lighter ; ;
The marine's eyes opened , squeezed shut , then opened squinted in the glare .
So , alive .
Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips .
Matsuo shook his head .
`` None for you '' .
`` You came well equipped to die '' .
So that had been his difficulty .
The marine tried to roll on his right side , and moaned .
When he rolled on the left side , propping on his left elbow , Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over .
He waited in his squat , gripping the hair .
Wet also were the marine's fatigues and the face had an oily film .
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes .
Matsuo shook his head .
Strange .
At last he reached for the knife .
Even the bone handle scorched , and he retrieved the marine's handkerchief to wrap it .
First he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes .
The marine yelled and flung the hand away .
With a firm grip on the man's hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek .
A shrill yelp , kicked legs , and groping hands that circled Matsuo's wrist .
Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat ; ;
burned each hand when they came groping again .
He ceased weeping .
As Matsuo climbed by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trunk , a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow .
In the jungle , birds were mute , while insects preserved only the monotony of living .
Then he astonished Matsuo by pushing and dragging himself until he sat .
He cupped his mouth and yelled .
Once and for all he'd finish this marine who would not die .
It sounded as if the man were calling him : `` Hey , Japanese hey there , Japanese '' .
The man tilted back his head and went through the pantomime of drinking from a container .
The marine nodded vigorously .
His superiors had said that all marines were depraved .
Remembering his own thirst , Matsuo took out his water bottle .
His years of campaigning had taught him the value of water discipline .
Of course it was water he really craved ; ;
The marine shouted for it until it seemed that his voice had to crack .
Matsuo shook his head .
And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool .
He capped the bottle and replaced it .
Before much longer the marine quieted down .
His head slumped .
I've nothing for you '' .
Chairs scraped back and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar .
He leered at the stranger as the distance between them closed .
`` Seems to me I don't remember altering any law about that '' .
`` I don't aim to have minors breathing down my neck when I'm a-drinking '' :
The stranger ignored him .
Blue Throat winked at his six cronies .
The Colt roared twice and two men dropped , writhing .
A third shot doused the light .
And I aim to have it '' .
Another took off his gun belt and flung his weapons to the floor .
Somebody brought a light .
Blue Throat , nursing an aching jaw and a collosal dose of wounded pride , rode out of town with the survivors of the fight .
Blue Throat won't stand for this .
The prediction was correct .
The Reverend James Doran had scarcely completed Pat Conyers' last rites on Boot Hill in the township of Petrie , when shots were heard in the distance .
`` Amen '' , said the Reverend Doran , grabbing his rifle propped up against a tombstone , `` and now my brethren , it would seem that our presence is required elsewhere '' .
Billy Tilghman and his comrades rode off to the battle .
Blue Throat , who had ruled the town with his six-shooter for the last six months , certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship .
The law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store , halfway down the street .
He sized up the situation and shook his head .
`` There's only one thing to move him fast , and we have it right here in this very store '' .
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite .
Blue Throat's men spotted him and a hail of bullets splintered the store fronts and board walk as he passed .
Billy Tilghman did just that .
Though only slightly injured himself the big hoodlum never returned to those parts .
For fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West .
Citizens took the view that a lawman was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway , but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century .
Bill Doolin's ambition , it appeared , was to carve out his name with bullets alongside those of Jesse James and Billy the Kid , and Bill Tilghman had sworn he would stop him .
They bought rustled cattle from the outlaw , kept him supplied with guns and ammunition , harbored his men in their houses .
On a bitterly cold day in January , 1895 , accompanied only by Neal Brown as his deputy , Tilghman left the township of Guthrie and headed for Rock Fort and Dunn's ranch .
It was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside .
The two lawmen halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door .
Seated near it with his back to the door was the rancher , Ed Dunn .
Tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire .
Suddenly he saw something which made his big heart give a sickening lurch and caused the hairs to bristle on the back of his neck .
The fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might slam into his hide .
Thinking fast , Tilghman never hesitated for one instant .
He walked right up to the fire as though blissfully unaware of the guns covering him .
The men behind them were Bill Doolin and five of his gang -- every man a killer .
`` Just dropped in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives .
Can't seem to locate landmarks in this snow '' .
He left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of Providence he had been allowed to come out alive .
Leisurely he climbed on to the wagon next to Neal Brown .
`` Just get out of here without it looking as though we're in a hurry .
Even as he spoke those words Billy Tilghman's life hung on a thread .
Back in the house a hoodlum named Red Buck , sore because Billy had been allowed to leave unscathed , jumped from a bunk and swore he was going after him to kill him right then .
But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets .
Wiley Lynn , a self-styled prohibition officer , had hit town the previous day and had been drinking ever since .
This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face , but she radiated warmth , a sweet warmth ; ;
He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ;
Tall , blonde , blue-eyes , fair , buxom without being heavy , she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh , starched summer dress .
Something was beginning to stir and come alive in her , too ( it may have been there for a good while , since she was twenty now ; ;
but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like Jack .
School began in August , the hottest part of the year , and for the first few days Miss Langford was very lenient with the children , letting them play a lot and the new ones sort of get acquainted with one another .
Once ( this was on the third day of school ) she kneeled down to pick up some books where they'd dropped on the floor and Jack looked up her dress -- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg .
He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating .
then he slowed to a walk .
The vision became even stronger now .
She said , with the solicitude of a middle-aged woman for her only child .
Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen .
Just then Charles Lever yelled , `` Hey , Jack '' , from the quarry road which ran behind the Carter house , and Jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door , yelling `` Good-bye , Mom '' over his shoulder .
Charles , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , scraggly , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes .
He considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him .
Jack knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty , because girls were Charles' only apparent interest .
His heart beat faster .
`` Hell , I jist ask her '' .
`` Jist like that '' ? ?
She's been hangin' around me a lot here lately , and I figgered I might as well's try it .
`` Let's go inside '' .
`` No , not now '' , said the teacher .
`` Maybe at dinner time .
Come inside now '' .
The children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse .
He could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider .
Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret , fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress , sitting in the sixth-grade row , and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did .
At noontime , remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids , Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys , except Charles , went off out the road to play ball .
`` Why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ?
`` I'd druther stay here and watch the girls '' , Charles grinned .
`` Maybe '' , Jack said idly , watching for Miss Langford .
While she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again , Jack ran over , offered her his hand and said , `` Gosh , I'm sorry , Miss Langford .
`` Thank you '' , she said , dusting herself off .
`` Will you play with us again , Miss Langford '' ? ?
One of the little girls said .
`` Oh , shucks '' , the girl said .
Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun , past Robert Allen's three-room , tarpapered house , toward the field where the other boys were playing ball , thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes .
The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack .
`` But I've got to take a chance on it '' , he told himself desperately .
To his surprise his plan worked perfectly .
`` All right , if you can't do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school is out '' , Miss Langford said firmly , not smiling .
His heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think , his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child , `` How will I do it ? ?
On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise .
The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman .
Lithe and muscular , he had well-molded features , and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family .
The haughty white girl turned to a distinguished , hawk-faced man standing at her side and murmured : `` Look at your watch , Col. Garvier .
It is almost time for and calinda to begin '' .
He chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start .
Johnny vigorously pounded two bleached steer bones against the gourd which served as his drum .
He showed his gleaming tusks of teeth and bellowed incoherently , his brass earrings jangling discordantly as he shook and trembled in ecstasy .
The drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda , a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds .
He was possessive in his manner and , though a slave , obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners .
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society .
She was a top horsewoman and one of the city's most gracious hostesses .
Madame Lalaurie gestured with her riding crop toward the 20-year-old youth who was stomping and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders .
The slender , handsome fellow was called Dandy Brandon by the other slaves .
But Dandy had had little experience with girls on his master's plantation in Bayou St. John .
This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when Delphine Lalaurie signaled that she wanted him to draw near .
`` What is your name , boy ? ?
I belong to Master Alexander Prieur '' .
Mrs. Lalaurie impatiently propelled the slave toward her waiting carriage .
Lifting her skirts , she climbed in , never relinquishing her grip on his arm .
Besides , he owns 300 slaves .
Aristide Devol , the sardonic manservant who had been brought in chains years before from his native Sierra Leone , smiled thinly and touched his well-brushed beaver hat .
`` Another youth , Madame '' ? ?
You are forgetting your place '' .
The tall coachman walked off briskly in search of Alexander Prieur .
Delphine Lalaurie took the reins in her gloved hands and drove Dandy Brandon -- cowering in the back seat of the carriage -- to her mansion at 677 Perdido Street .
Dr. Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion .
Dr. Lalaurie wore a maroon smoking jacket , and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses .
He was about 50 years old .
Really , you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself '' , he said , frowning with displeasure .
He deserves a better life than just rotting away on the Prieur plantation '' .
`` Quite so , my dear .
His room will be ready shortly '' .
The physician led the horses to the stable after a cursory glance at the cringing slave .
So Dandy Brandon trustingly entered the house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home .
He bounced exuberantly on the sagging bed and was even more delighted when Madame Lalaurie -- after closing the door -- showed the slave that the bed was designed for something other than slumber .
When he finally left the sinister mansion on Perdido Street , he was carried out in a coroner's basket .
A stringed orchestra played softly behind the potted palms , and Delphine circulated graciously among her guests , chatting airily of the forthcoming races , the latest fashions from Paris , and Louisiana politics .
It was Dandy Brandon , clad only in a bloody loincloth , emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him .
The lad's once superb body was a mass of scars and welts .
You did this you like to hurt to beat people I want to go home '' .
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures .
Delphine stood like stone , her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the sheeted corpse .
`` I saw the boy Dandy at the Congo Square festivities and felt sorry for him .
It was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came , for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest .
He must have fallen in with evil companions , for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced .
Ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die .
Once again life went its serene way -- soirees , fox hunts , balls and dinners .
The girl was not more than 16 .
She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back .
`` Bastards '' , he would say , `` all I did was put a beat to that Vivaldi stuff , and the first chair clobbered me '' ! !
Since then , and since the pure grain had gotten him divorced from every decent -- and even indecent -- group from Greenwich Village to the Embarcadero , he had become a sucker-rolling freight-jumper .
Ever since all that .
Out and out and never to return again .
Till one day the last freight had been jumped , the last pint had been killed , the last beat had been rapped .
He was pressed far back into the corner of the car on his hay sacks , the rattling and tinning of the wheels on the rails almost covering the sound of his ocarina .
He held his elbows away from his body , and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly .
The train slowed at a road crossing , and the big door slid open ; ;
She pulled her legs up under her , to rise , her full peasant skirt drawing up her thighs , and Feathertop's music pfffted away .
Hair like a morning-frightened sparrow's wings , with the sun shining down over them .
A poet , yet ! !
Zingggg-O ! !
Then the boy straight-armed himself up , twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting .
`` We made it , Cappy '' , the chick said .
`` Ah-ah '' ! !
We run a respectable house here '' .
They whirled and saw him , standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall .
The girl smiled , and started forward .
`` Now stay with me , Kitty '' , he snapped irritably .
We don't know this guy '' .
`` Well , congratulations '' .
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand .
These two were going to be easy pickins .
They couldn't have much dough , but then none of the freight-bums Feathertop rolled had much .
Feathertop was a connoisseur .
`` Come sit '' , he repeated , motioning to the piled hay bags , over the pig leavings .
`` I'm just a poor ex-jazz man , name of -- uh -- Boyd Smith '' .
Feathertop aimed a finger at him .
Feathertop watched the smooth scissoring of her slim , trim legs as she walked to the bags , and tucked them beneath her , smoothing the skirt out in a wide circle .
He had it all doped , of course .
Hmm -- diddle ! !
Kitty inquired politely .
He mused .
`` Out .
I been riding train for a ways now '' .
`` What's the matter , she wanna go the bathroom '' ? ?
C'mon , buddy , help me set up the kitchen and we'll have food in a minute or two '' .
Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag .
He took out a small packet filled with bits of charcoal , a deep pot of thin metal , some sheets of newspaper , a book of matches and a wrinkled and many-times folded piece of tin foil with holes in it .
`` A charcoal pit , man '' , he said , indicating the slightly-smoking makeshift brazier .
`` Fella '' , Ernie waggled a dirty finger at the younger man , `` you try my ever-lovin' patience '' .
He reached once more into the carpet bag and brought up a package of wieners .
Not the greatest , but they stick to your belly insides '' .
He ripped down the cellophane carefully , and laid three dogs on the tin foil .
Almost immediately they began to sizzle .
He looked up and grinned .
When they had licked the last of the wieners' taste from their fingers , they settled back , and Cappy offered Ernie a cigarette .
Nice kid , Ernie thought , too bad .
`` How come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ?
Ernie asked .
But surprisingly , Kitty's face came up and she said , `` My father .
He didn't want us to get married .
After a few seconds , she said , `` Dad didn't like Cappy .
If I'd been careful it never woulda '' -- he stopped abruptly .
Cappy raged at himself .
Ernie nodded .
This was a slightly different matter .
A time before the white lightning and the bumming had turned him inside out .
Oh crap ! !
These are just another couple of characters to roll .
What they got , you get .
`` Wanna drink '' ? ?
Now that you offer '' .
Ernie stared at the man .
The big man asked again , taking a step into the boxcar .
Ernie hesitated a moment .
This character could break him in half .
`` Sure '' , he said , and lifted the pint to his own lips .
He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder .
The man stalked toward them , his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring .
`` Well , now '' , he said , and reached into his pocket .
`` We're going to Philadelphia '' , Kitty said , pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more .
He had suspected this guy was trouble , and now he was sure of it .
He advanced on them , and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car .
The kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump ! !
And carried him backward in a footballer's tackle .
The fist went down into the pile of flesh , and Ernie heard the bigger man's deeper voice go , `` Aaawww '' ! !
Then they were tumbling again , and the big man reached into the same pocket he had gone for earlier , and came up with a vicious switchblade .
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white .
Yet if he were not there , they would have missed him , as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June ; ;
Filippo Rossi , that's what he was called in the old country ; ;
but here he was just Signore or the Old Man .
It went to church on Sunday and one Saturday a month went to confession .
The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened .
But the past was dead here as the present was dead .
In one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase .
The way she strutted down the street , the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both .
Without looking at him , without looking at anything except Drexel Street directly in front of her , she climbed up into one of those orange streetcars , rode away in it , and never came back .
`` But she shouldn't have come here in the first place '' , the women had said .
`` No , no .
She gave herself fancy airs ! !
Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' .
`` Henh '' ! !
Mauve-colored mouths that had never known anything sweeter than the taste of new wine and the passion of man's tongue had not smiled , but had condemned again and again .
His voice had not commanded her to stop .
It had not questioned why .
but he might have been shooing away the fleas that hopped from his yellow dog onto him .
( He was never without that dog .
There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him .
For all he saw or cared to see , this could have been a town in Italy , not the outskirts of Philadelphia .
It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled .
What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ?
It slashed the sloping manure-scented lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden porches .
It swayed with the wicker swings and screeched with the rusted hinges of screen doors .
Even the stable-garage , which housed nothing now but the scent of rot , had a lawn before it .
The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it .
That was Bartoli's shop .
Above it , from a second-story showroom , wooden angels surveyed the neighborhood .
Did the Old Man remember them there ? ?
Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery .
Only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences , where one man's property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy .
He was determined to hold out .
He was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heritage , and he couldn't have cared less about that either .
He would not carry a brief case .
He would square his shoulders and carry a cane before each step .
He could do that when he would be a man .
`` Hey , Laura '' ! !
`` Laura , what would you say if I smoked a pipe '' ? ?
Laura did not answer him .
One lithe leg straddled the railing and swung loosely before the creaking , torn pales .
Her tanned foot , whose arch swept high and white , pointed artfully toward tapering toes -- toes like fingers , whose tips glowed white .
But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it .
`` She's in a mood '' , he thought `` There's not a month she doesn't get herself in a mood '' .
Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ?
Above the tongue , an aged yellow eye , sallow and time-cast , encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin , stared unfalteringly at him .
But the goat would not .
His head undulated gradually , covering space , to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats .
The boy's fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a bagpipe player , pressing and pulling , delighting in what he did .
Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane .
He knew it was there , knew also what it was about , but he wouldn't raise a finger except to smooth his yellow dog's back .
The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks .
Pompeii expected Romeo's small body to sink closer and closer to the ground .
He expected Concetta's thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy , and her shrill , impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything .
The room filled with smoke , and Maggie's head throbbed with excitement and fatigue , but Stuart had such a happy , earnest look of proud possession on his face that Maggie couldn't bear to do anything to quench it .
Little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery .
she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her .
She was so heavy that Maggie's arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her .
Maggie couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back ; ;
`` It seems to me you have enough to do as it is '' , Eugenia said .
`` She's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' .
`` I'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible '' .
`` I'm sorry .
I do seem to snap at everybody these days , but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money '' .
Let's make a list of your assets '' .
`` I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers '' , Eugenia said .
`` We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that '' .
`` What else '' ? ?
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' .
`` Every woman in the block has tried that '' .
`` What about a tea room , then ? ?
You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' .
Eugenia sighed .
She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' .
Maggie was looking much happier already , clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there , and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldn't be ashamed of it .
`` And then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it , and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time .
`` What are you going to do with your feet so you don't waste anything '' ? ?
Maggie laughed .
She said , `` Oh Eugenia , I wish ''
`` I wish I had three wishes '' , Maggie said .
It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November , contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people .
it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources .
The jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices , outside newspaper buildings , in parks , in relief lines , outside government agencies .
The East was popularly supposed to have got the country into war and into depression , dragging the west along ; ;
The government offices were being opened but they weren't being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything .
The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day .
about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day .
Just dropping the baby's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe , and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster .
Grandma said it was just like the early mining camp days , and it was the way people ought to live , only she was getting too old to take the pleasure from it that she used to .
`` You said a mouthful '' , Eugenia said grimly .
Eugenia hated being cold worse than anything , and she was beginning to find the joys of poverty wearing thin .
`` I know you when you start talking about brains and talent '' , Maggie said .
They begged Grandma to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her , but Grandma said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out , and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way .
She didn't want to be the only one with a stove in her room , especially as her life span was nearly run out anyway , and she insisted that Hope have the heater .
`` You can joke ! !
Didn't you read it ? ?
She's married that tenant ! !
''
This ought to simplify Tolley's life '' .
He'd mentioned it , himself , at church and everybody seemed to have the idea that Tolley had left because Jenny had jilted him for Roy Robards .
The sun's right '' --
`` In Brace's room ! !
I'm not going back '' --
`` Indeed you are ! !
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now ? ?
`` Hurry , Frank ! !
I drove him away .
You know it and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened '' .
She was so beautiful , so valiant , so pitiable .
I was so cruel to Tolley , so unfair .
But I'll be fair now ! !
Yes , oh yes .
What else was there to say ? ?
Let none but Him who rules the thunder
In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons , making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own .
`` Why lacerate the -- congregation '' ? ?
Reaching for an old clay pot , relic of pioneer days , he tore the envelope in pieces , dropping them into it , touching the little pyre to flame , watching it curl , the red sealing wax melting and bubbling in the feathery ash .
A beautiful and haunting line , a subtle genius , Swinburne , difficult not to envy a gifted man , and perhaps he did .
But there were great satisfactions , even for a small man .
He poured his thimble of wine for the toast he'd made so often .
But this last time he drank not to Brace but `` To Tolley '' ! !
He could put a stop to it , she told him again and again .
`` You could try .
He really hadn't meant to , he assured her , but it was plain to her that the importance of these small things was lost on Mr. Robards .
Her horse , rather .
He , with fifteen or twenty horses or mares or geldings or what-nots out there in the barn , was reverent only of `` the Mare '' , `` the Racin' Mare '' , the revolting Gunny .
For the first few months of their marriage she had tried to be nice about Gunny , going out with him to watch this pearl without price stamp imperiously around in her stall .
And what had happened ? ?
Gunny invariably tried to bite her .
Nerves , Mr. Robards said , just a nip anyway .
`` Stand back , Miss Jen , she's oneasy of your scarf '' .
Never concern for his wife's nerves , or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January .
Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach .
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested .
Yet when the dear baby came , he had Tillie over here in a jiffy , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been .
Jenny wished now that she had had Dr. Dunne , feeling that somehow he wouldn't have allowed the dear baby to turn into triplets .
There was something not nice about triplets , though their father seemed pleased , showing no disappointment that they hadn't been the son he wanted , saying , `` You don't see triplets trippin' down the pike ever' day , Miss Jen , hon .
Rhyme 'em up cute -- Arcilla , Flotilla ''
Edmonia for her mother , she said firmly , Jennifer , for herself , and --
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name , something special .
Handsomest colt in all Kentucky .
Strong too , up on his legs when he was an hour old .
'' She burst into tears .
He'd had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been .
Doc Dunne and Miss Sis had come .
So had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer .
Miss Kizzie had been right snippy ever since they were married , though you'd have thought a namesake would have brought her round .
But when Miss Jen went over right away to return the call , Miss Kiz couldn't have been very cordial , for she'd come back before she hardly had time to get there .
`` Have a party an' leave 'em out , hon '' , he suggested .
We'll have oystchers -- couple bar'l oystchers'll fetch in a crowd any time .
I'll see word gets round '' .
''
Miss Jen was funny that way , funny that she didn't seem to take to his ideas and perk up .
He was downright worried about her , but there was one more thing he could try .
`` Them's the purtiest babes you ever did see , but Miss Jen gets mighty lonesome .
`` He must have forgiven me '' , Henrietta murmured to the room .
Henrietta thought , It's extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us .
There had been more to know about Hetty , inevitably , and most of it unfavorable .
Mama had died before the corruption of the family circle , the interruption of Charles .
It was safe to assume that Papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` Thank God your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave , with her hand in Charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know .
one had always felt the need to make a safe world around her .
She turned on her side , finding the idea oppressive .
No temptation , no sin .
No temptation , no virtue ? ?
Before anything else , she would go to Doaty's grave with flowers from Doaty's forgotten garden .
Everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards .
After the sad impatient moment , waiting for comfort which could not come , she slipped out of bed and went to the open window .
The garden below was lacy with dew and enchanting in its small wildness .
It was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things , but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme d'un certain age .
Feeling suddenly neat and subdued , she dressed quite soberly and went downstairs .
Outside , the garden , the tame wilderness , yielded a patchwork bouquet of daisies , sweet william , scented stock and lady's bedstraw , which she tied with long grasses and took back to show Rosa , who was now stirring about the kitchen and haranguing Folly .
`` Rummaging in the dew '' , said Rosa coldly .
She sounded so exactly like Doaty that Henrietta obeyed her under the clear impression that she could either comply or stay home .
Now , some of the acknowledgments were cautious , but all were interested .
An old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the sap still plainly rising in his branches .
He then offered his own estimate of the weather , which was unenthusiastic .
`` It's my dryin' out time '' .
`` You'd like to hear how I go about it '' .
`` Y're welcome '' .
His stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text .
Henrietta murmured that she could quite see how it would , and he nodded approval of her womanly good sense .
My dad did it , and he lived to a great age '' .
He looked up at her sharply .
`` Don't remember , do you '' ? ?
He had never spoken once to the awed sisters , but his son had been friendly , a big fellow of fifty or more , a fishing-boat captain and powerful like the sea .
`` Not so well's I remember you '' , he said .
Ran away on a black night with a lawful wedded man .
`` Can't blame a man for leavin' his wife '' , he said quite cheerfully .
He gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly .
Only , this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure .
`` Y'r dam' porridge is no breakfast '' , he said .
`` Milk and sops '' ! !
He beat the air with his stick , and it fell from his claws and clattered on the stones .
`` He's lowly today '' , his grand-daughter said wearily , and bent to pick it up .
`` It ain't an idea '' ! !
He looked piously to heaven and said , `` Beer don't affect the tissues none '' , and the ingenious hypocrisy of this defense pleased Henrietta so that she forgave him his stint of malevolence .
-- You'll be visiting Miss Doaty , Ma'am '' ? ?
Henrietta nodded .
How much they knew about her ! !
`` God rest her soul , she was a sweet one .
He mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house , shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength .
Henrietta looked down at her bouquet , still lively with its color and scent , and set her feet on their journey's way again , leaving the village street and crossing the first field , Folly dancing ahead of her .
At the edge of the field , the wild rolling land took over , dotted with fat round bushes like sheep .
She felt mindless , walking , and almost easy until the church spire told her she was near the cemetery , and she caught herself wondering what she would say to Doaty .
They had white skins and blue eyes ; ;
Most of them have been assimilated , but sometimes a man in Miyagi or Akita prefectures is much more hairy than the average Japanese , and occasionally a girl will be strikingly lovely , her coloring warmed and improved by a little of the tawny honey-in-the-sun tint of the invaders from the South .
She was taller than most Japanese girls , and had the exquisitely willowy form of the Japanese girl who is lucky enough to be tall .
She had black eyes , long and intriguingly tilted , and the way she walked was melody .
It was an alien land , and she hated it intensely ; ;
Anywhere would be better than the land of her ancestors .
There were no depressingly serious cases : the ward doctor sometimes teamed up with the chaplain to serve as a marriage counselor -- sometimes the Navy sent people back to the States to preserve a marriage -- but mental health as a rule was very high .
Such as now , when she sat at a table in the coffee shop at the Officers' Club , having coffee and a hamburger to sustain her until dinnertime .
This was one of the Navy's crossroads -- you find them all around the world .
Sooner or later , all the gray Navy ships came in here ; ;
And she wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there .
She felt , rather than saw , the approach of the good-looking young man .
When he saw Tommy sitting alone , the tinkling sound stopped .
He was perhaps a trifle tipsy , having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted , and consequently out of practice ; ;
he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong , and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant .
Probably off one of the carriers -- an aviator .
`` Harro , girl-san '' ! !
He said , turning on what was meant to be charm .
Maybe you likee date with me '' ? ?
`` I beg your pardon '' ! !
Tommy said out of her cold rage .
Tommy interrupted furiously .
She felt like a fool , too .
Everybody had accepted her for what she was -- a very charming girl .
For a steak sandwich , or `` Kohi Futotsu '' ! !
Two other Japanese girls were sitting at the tables , both quite pretty and well groomed .
One was with a whitehaired and doting lieutenant commander ; ;
the other was with her American husband and their exceptionally appealing children .
Seeing these did nothing for Tommy's mood .
Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar .
She finished her hamburger and drank her coffee and paid her check ; ;
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated .
Back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda , and sulked .
Then , after a while , she went to her mirror .
It was all true .
She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka .
Tommy , of course , had never heard of a kotowaza , or Japanese proverb , which says , `` Tanin yori miuchi '' , and is literally translated as `` Relatives are better than strangers '' .
Doc Doolittle's scheduled appearance at captain's mast was a very unusual thing , because the discipline dispensed there is ordinarily for the young and immature , and a chief is naturally expected to stay off the report .
Just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didn't know .
In his opinion , Doc had not grown up .
He had come into the Navy too young , with the image of the fun-loving Guns Appleby before him .
The war found him much too early , and its perils -- and especially its awful boredom -- were best forgotten in horseplay and elaborate practical jokes , and even now Doc had never found any stabilizing , sobering influence .
He remained young at heart , with an overdeveloped sense of humor .
`` Well , Doc , you old sonofabitch '' ! !
Whitey exclaimed , with true affection .
`` I'll be there , but I'll walk '' , Doc said .
See you in about an hour '' .
There was swimming over at the Riverside Hotel , but his skin was so white he looked like the bottom of a frog .
I could , he thought , take a long walk -- but where ? ?
Wow .
Imagine a stag dinner with Toodle Williams '' .
`` Thanks '' , Owen said , `` but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen '' .
Buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest .
`` Yes '' ? ?
`` I'm Mrs. Gertrude Parker '' , a soft voice explained , `` And I'd like to talk to you for a few minutes , please '' .
Ahah , he thought , a lush divorcee at last .
Probably saw me in the lobby .
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons .
`` How do you do '' ? ?
`` Oh '' ? ?
It gave her a lewd , winking effect .
She asked , winking wildly .
She smiled in a sickly-tolerant fashion .
`` You know , that's very interesting .
The more canvassing I do , the more I note how far most people are from their personal God '' .
That she was out for a touch was certain , but when did she get to the pitch ? ?
He asked curiously .
`` I'm sure the hotel doesn't know you're wandering around the corridors , knocking on strangers' doors and talking down Eskimos '' .
I feel it's my duty .
I have the whole Pacific Northwest '' .
Not that religion isn't big business ; ;
`` God doesn't have any appliance or cosmetics '' , he said heatedly before he caught himself .
It sounded silly ; ;
why go on ? ?
More people were passing ; ;
`` Don't forget whiskey ; ;
it's such a big seller '' .
But what do you want to do about the lay-sisters ? ?
`` I have no card '' , she said bitterly .
She looked crestfallen , as if he had somehow disappointed the whole human race .
It took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself ; ;
then he realized he was hungry .
He showered , shaved , dressed and went down to the dining room for breakfast .
On the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail .
There was a check from his company , and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued .
His lawyer had sent him a statement on his overdue alimony , and there was a letter from the Collector of Internal Revenue asking him to stop in his office and explain last year's exemptions .
He ate breakfast in a sullen mood , but afterwards , when he walked out onto Virginia Street , he felt braced .
The way was opening up ; ;
There were more women than men in the place , but he couldn't find a flowerpot .
They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming , who automatically turned the cards , hardly caring what showed up .
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers .
`` I wonder if they did eat each other at the end '' , Owen mused .
He sat down next to a heavily-upholstered blonde , but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes .
She sat down and played two slots at once , looking grim , as if bested by mechanical devices , and Owen felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support .
He was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the stables .
`` What you need is a steady martingale '' , the cowboy announced after watching Owen play .
`` What are you playing '' ? ?
`` I'm just logging '' , the cowboy explained .
`` Nice to know you .
Don't you have to spend any time on your ranch '' ? ?
I'm with the Bar-H , pushing a horse called Sparky .
He's my own horse , and what I collect from him I use on blackjack .
I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going , I'll land him on TV -- you know , one of those favorite horses for some Western hero .
His adventurous spirit had waned ; ;
He ogled a long redhead with green eyes , but she was a shill with her money in front of her .
it just seemed such a dry run .
The management discreetly withdrew the green stuff into the office and gave the customers chips or checks or premium points .
He read a special announcement whereby Hurrays would feature a special floorshow at three A.M. starring Adele ( The Body ) Brenner and fourteen glamorous schoolgirls .
He wondered if he might bag a tourist , but they looked frightened of him .
Buzz had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some sun-tan oil and dark glasses .
`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel .
He started out as a stickman , then became a pit boss until the Club found him crossroading .
A short platinum blonde in a bursting sun-suit addressed him .
She looked well-fed and prosperous , but he didn't get the impression he was being propositioned the way he'd been hoping .
`` Stake me '' , she said , `` and let me at those dice .
I'll make them dance the tango .
`` Is there any word you would like to offer in your own defense '' ? ?
Spencer shook his head .
Philip Spencer had cold-bloodedly planned the murder of his captain , yet it seemed in order to chide him for a lapse of proper address .
The two met in the Captain's cabin .
`` Cromwell , of course .
Somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name '' .
`` Have him come in '' .
Heiser , breathless and wild-eyed , brought the chilling news that the handspikes , heavers and holystones had been mysteriously removed from their customary places .
McKinley was overheard to say that he would like to get the knife into Spencer's possession and that '' --
Who reported to you the disappearance of handspikes and heavers and who '' --
Adrien Deslonde hastened to Alexander's side .
I saw him myself and it was done after consultation with Cromwell .
I swear it , sir '' .
Alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil , thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed .
Their strategy was sound enough and , he reasoned , had been defeated only by Philip Spencer's unwillingness to sanction an idea he had not originated .
When the mast was raised , Alexander gave the order for Small and Cromwell to be placed under arrest , and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the Somers .
Spencer's potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal .
Tillotson had reported the man to Gansevoort and an hour later , with back turned , had been attacked by Wilson , brandishing the weapon .
Not a man on the brig , loyal or villainous , could be unaffected by the sight of seven men involved in the crime of mutiny .
In the tiny cabin , Alexander met with Gansevoort , Heiser and Wales to speak and to listen .
Gansevoort said , `` It requires an omniscient eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely .
`` Well '' , Heiser ventured , `` why don't we hold an investigation with questioning and '' --
`` That would be worse than useless '' , Alexander broke in .
`` There is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners .
Besides , suppose we hold a court of inquiry , then what ? ?
Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now '' ? ?
Wales said , `` Of course they would .
`` We are going to bring the Somers into New York harbor safe and sound '' .
`` Of course , I agree with the Captain '' , Gansevoort said thoughtfully , `` but the conspiracy is ferocious and desperate .
The instinct of discipline has been lost .
Anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand '' .
He paused , then added , `` Everything on a ship is a weapon .
Implements of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands .
Alexander said .
A great deal of labor we have as well , for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed '' .
With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's implacable laws .
How had he failed ? ?
It came to him as he wept there aboard the Somers that it was as foolish to strive for greatness as to seek to storm the gates of heaven .
One did one's best and if fortune frowned , an eighteen-year-old boy with murder in his heart sailed aboard one's ship .
The prisoners averted their eyes but not before he had glimpsed hatred and anger .
I know nothing of any plot , if there is such a thing '' .
`` You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt '' .
`` Surely , Captain , you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything '' .
He said , `` Cromwell is telling you the truth .
Here was another human who understood the stupidity of quarreling with the inevitable .
The red-haired captain , towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority , was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon Philip Spencer .
But he could not have done so , could not have found the way , had fortune favored him .
He was your constant companion '' .
`` I tell you he is innocent '' .
`` And do you think there is a reason why I should accept your word '' ? ?
`` Yes .
`` Nothing to lose , either , Spencer '' .
`` I am innocent , Captain '' , Cromwell said again .
`` Before God , Captain , I am innocent '' .
`` I thought '' , Midshipman Rogers had told Alexander , `` that Spencer was teaching him geometry '' .
Bits of trash lay in the roadway .
The air smelled warmish and foul .
With his head erect , he approached , not glancing at us , and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead .
He had a pinkish-white complexion , a small straight nose , a short black beard , and tightly curled paot .
The girls in the market place wore long-sleeved dresses and covered their legs with cloth stockings .
His hands were swinging at his sides , and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and , pivoting on his heel , he entered an old stone building .
Rachel had seen me watching the young man .
I swallowed hard and looked down at my feet plodding along beside Rachel .
She led me into a twisting side alley .
An old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat , baggy trousers , and a black skullcap greeted us .
Rachel talked to him .
He nodded , clasping and unclasping his hands over his paunch , and flicked glances at me .
I thought he would ask us to leave because Rachel and I were bare-armed , but he looked down into his beard and preceded us down the corridor .
His toes pointed out toward the walls .
We stepped inside .
He left us .
One white hand poised a stick above his desk .
Rapping the stick against the desk .
Since they did not glance curiously at us once , I guessed that there was a penalty for distraction .
The teacher plunged the children into a new portion , this time in Hebrew , rapping the stick incessantly .
I stared at him for a long time .
He did not return my interest .
My eyes traveled over the bare walls and up to the one partially open window high above the little figures and back to the boys .
They singsonged the portion at the teacher , who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick .
The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake .
I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair .
I shuddered and backed out of the room .
We walked down the cool hall silently .
`` All day '' , she said .
`` Except for Shabbat , when they are praying all day '' .
I rubbed my hands together .
She passed by him .
I reached into the pocket of my skirt , fingered ten pruta , and dropped the coin .
Then I picked it up again and handed it to the old man .
I said .
She smiled to herself .
I was amazed .
You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home .
You had to know , also , that you were going to fail .
All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place .
She said , `` Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around .
Your mother hated this way of life .
`` Here , nothing .
But when she saw the children you have just visited , she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country , in the kibbutzim .
She was a strange woman , your mother .
She stayed here to work for Aliah .
Sometimes it was dangerous for her '' .
Rachel grinned slyly .
`` But she loved danger .
She took it with her wherever she went ; ;
she chose it .
It was an impulse when she was here in Me'a She'arim -- I was with her -- that led her to stay in Israel .
Here they did not need to be in ghettos .
But she had to go out and hurt herself .
There was a man here in town .
He came with his son .
He had the black numerals on his arm , so he had been branded in a concentration camp .
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one .
A few hours after the son was arrested , your mother was informed .
She went to the father and found he had hanged himself '' .
Rachel paused .
`` Yes '' , I said .
He said she would only hurt herself .
When I did , she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him .
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him .
She was pale and skinny ; ;
He would never let her harm herself again .
For one whole week he never let her stay alone .
He did not let her talk to people ; ;
he did not let her choose her own food .
she did not care .
The two of them against the world .
That had been how she imagined it .
For when he began to talk and dream all at the same time , making his plans as he went , she had begun dreaming too .
`` What did I imagine '' ? ?
She thought .
Maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of Ethiopians poling it '' .
Wednesday nights after youth fellowship .
Like Mattie and the mayor up there gripping the microphone and Toonker Burkette back in his office yanking out teeth , like they all knew he would .
Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen .
So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help .
And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you won't tell , a combination like ham and eggs , rape her and kill her , and that is being an old maid too .
And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one .
And he can be on the way to Memphis , your Gratt Shafer can , and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead .
And I'll take you with me .
Even when he is on the way to Memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift , and it is he inside of you .
You feel him every mile further away .
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes .
You think : `` Did he feel that way about me '' ? ?
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy .
It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to Gratt Shafer's substitute , that other guy .
You wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you .
She looked out at the corn field , the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the whitewashed fence bordering the grounds .
The mayor envisioned factories there .
It was like being in the concert hall in the afternoon and hearing the piano virtuoso rehearsing .
So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling .
If a man was good , if he was going to be governor , you felt it and you wanted him to go on forever .
You were sorry when he finished talking because while he was up there you were someone else and the world was something else too .
You laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit , and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm .
While he talked you wouldn't trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world , no matter if it hadn't , in six weeks , rained enough to wet a rat's ass .
Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down .
He also drew precise crisp spots , which he sold to various literary and artistic journals , The New Yorker , for instance , or Esquire .
I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so I'd get the light reflections accurate .
In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie .
`` That's authenticity '' , he said .
he sold perhaps three or four a year , and usually all to Joyce Monmouth or her friends .
He had style , a real inner vision of his very own .
It may have been true for all I know , because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles , but it didn't prevent the paintings from being exciting .
He also had , at times , an uncanny absent-minded air like a sleepwalker ; ;
It was all gravy , and Donald didn't need much to live on ; ;
We shared the expenses of the studio , and we all lived within walking distance of it , in cheap lodgings of one kind or another .
I wanted to paint again .
It wasn't just the pressure of work , although that was the excuse I often used , even to myself .
It was the kind of work I was doing , the quality of the ambition it awoke in me , that kept me from painting .
It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want , joy in his work , standing in the profession , a large and steady income .
We went into Mrs. Monmouth's library , which had low bookshelves all along the walls , and above them a Modigliani portrait , a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long , and a gorgeous Miro with a yellow background , that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb .
`` No , I take classes with different people '' , he said .
`` I don't think I've reached the point , yet , where I can say I know everything I ought to know about the craft .
It doesn't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel .
He threw his arms wide , his face shining .
`` The artist is like a fragment of a mosaic -- no , he is more than that , a virtuoso performer in some vast philharmonic .
One of these days , I'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other .
The eye is all , inward or outward .
`` What do you study '' ? ?
I was fascinated ; ;
`` Maybe you know him .
He teaches at the Manhattan School of Art '' .
I nodded .
I had studied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street .
`` My God , is he still alive ? ?
He must be a million years old .
`` Not quite '' .
`` He's about sixty , now .
I've always admired him , and when I heard he was taking a few pupils , I went to him and joined his class '' .
`` Yes , it sounds great '' , I said , `` but suppose you don't think of yourself as an impressionist painter '' ? ?
In the Middle Ages , in the Renaissance , right up to the early nineteenth century , the painter was a giant in the world .
He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses .
He was a propagandist -- they weren't afraid of the word , then -- satirist , nature lover , philosopher , scientist , what you will , a member of every party and of no party .
But look at us today ! !
A bunch of amateur dervishes ! !
He could certainly talk .
It was mostly for the benefit of the mailman , because hardly anybody else ever visited us .
In a way , Askington was right .
`` Stimulating '' was the word for it .
`` Ida , where is the car license '' ? ?
`` I can't find it in the glove compartment '' .
`` Via '' , she was frowning .
Had she forgotten she had signed the car away , that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children ? ?
I was silent .
`` I drive my own car by courtesy of Via '' ? ?
She looked as if she were accusing me of some fraud .
`` No , thank you .
I want nothing of Via's '' .
I don't even own the house I'm standing in .
If I am not to be Mrs. Salter I am nothing '' .
I suppose I should have paid attention to that half-murmured remark , but it seemed one of those extreme statements women under stress indulge in .
So I went about my business .
I made a lemon sponge , a light dessert , roasted a chicken , parboiled some frozen vegetables , so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend .
It was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days .
In the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on .
I did my shopping , had my dentist appointment , and from there I went to the women's lunch at our parish church where we discussed plans for the annual Christmas bazaar , so that dusk was beginning to gather when I drove home in the late afternoon .
When I came back from church at noon Mrs. Thaxter was turning into the Salter driveway .
She screamed , and both women ran up to the house , and I followed .
It was Dolly and Mrs. Thaxter who were calling Via , everybody .
And when they spoke they spoke to each other and not to me .
And then I remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to Rome I had heard her boast , over and over again , `` On the boat people liked me for myself '' .
The last night I had called , but the line was always busy and it reassured me .
I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Dolly or Constance , she comfortable in bed .
I tried to believe that what must have happened was that , restless , disturbed by this telephone call or whatever , she walked out in the night , as she had a habit of doing .
It's so romantic up there , she used to say , with the broad river gleaming in its moontrack like an enormous dark mirror and all the sounds of the night , so poetic .
Or what was it that , before Via , Sonny , Walter and all , I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out , `` I knew she'd do it ! !
I knew '' ! !
Everyone stared at me and drew back .
Their eyes turned cold and accusing , even Via's .
It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own , but there it hangs , a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other .
At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation , but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry .
It is not their avoidance that rankles ; ;
it is when I meet someone who was a close friend of the family , and therefore of mine , and they nod to me so coolly and walk away , that it hurts .
`` What do you mean '' ? ?
I added .
She was finally at rest in truth , of her own proud free choice .
At rest with my darling Ellen , the first Mrs. Salter .
The funeral service was in the house , the Methodist minister , how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside , a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words , and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment , seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed .
I waited .
Then Via called to say they had decided to cremate her -- as they had Ellen , the thought leaped to my mind -- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning .
The coffin stood on trestles in a corner of the long low dimly lit funeral parlor , on its dark shining surface the sheaf of white roses I had ordered .
Again I felt impelled to kneel , and reached back and pulled Via down .
A nice bachelor apartment in a place called the Lancaster Arms '' .
`` Uhhu '' , she said , hardly listening as she studied her left eyelid .
`` And then I had another place farther downtown I used as a studio '' .
`` I'm not a man who has many close intimate friends , Carla '' , he said , wanting her to know all about him .
Pausing , he waited for her to turn , to ask a question .
`` Me '' ? ?
`` Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot .
How about it '' ? ?
`` I guess so '' , she said taking a Kleenex from her purse .
When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror .
`` You talk so well , Carla '' , he went on .
`` You must have been good at history at school .
She asked , turning suddenly .
This is my town .
Would you be happier if I made up some stories about my life , told you some lies ? ?
Why are you trying to worry me '' ? ?
The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing .
Was she just naturally sloppy about everything but her physical appearance ? ?
He wondered .
Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? ?
If he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her , and without the respect he might lose his view of her , too .
`` What's the matter '' ? ?
`` Nothing .
Nothing at all '' , he said quietly .
Can't you get another pair '' ? ?
`` What's the matter with it '' ? ?
He had put on the gray jacket and the dark-gray slacks and the fawn-colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street .
`` Oh , Sam .
Can't you wear something else and look a little more as though you belonged '' ? ?
She no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in Parioli .
Then they took a taxi to Trastevere .
And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto .
He let her tell him all about the church .
And in the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing .
She might like to take him to St. Peter's .
`` Carla , wake up '' , he said shaking her .
`` It's ten o'clock .
You could take me to St. Peter's '' .
Why did he want her to go to church ? ?
Then he thought of those Old Testament figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel .
Being a woman though , she would take only what she needed from church .
It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself .
What was the matter with him that they all wearied him ? ?
`` Since we're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' .
`` I'm not good at that kind of thing '' .
Let's be fine superior people of great dignity '' , he said as if he were joking .
`` I am what I am .
I can't help it '' .
He didn't know how she would behave with other people .
Agnese , smiling too , said , `` 'ello '' , and then more slowly , `` I am happy '' .
Acting only as interpreter Carla , her hands folded on her lap , was utterly impersonal .
She would turn to them , then turn to him , then turn again .
Watching her , he felt like a spectator at a tennis game , with the ball being bounced back and forth .
Signora Ferraro , bobbing her head encouragingly , asked Sam about Canada , having a special interest .
Carla translated .
She wanted to know .
Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars .
Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country .
And Sam thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope .
A very great Pope , this one , the old woman explained , her black eyes sparkling .
Now a little flush came on her pale homely face and enchantment in her eyes .
There would be changes made , and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome .
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent .
Indeed he did , Sam said solemnly , trying to get Carla's eye .
Surely she could see that these women were her Italians , too , he thought .
Devout , orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or Malta or Ireland .
But Carla's eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness .
`` It means so much to her .
With the blue flesh of night touching him he stood under a gentle hill caressing the flageolet with his lips , making it whisper .
In her dark , scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination , afraid of nothing , not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding .
His breath caught , and , trembling , he closed his eyes and stumbled off .
Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs .
He cried out to her , his back turned .
Yet she did not hesitate and only turned slightly , her neck tall as she looked in his direction , and continued on her way toward the end of the camp .
When at last she could suffer the insult no longer , nor face the girl's scorn , she said in a voice overloud :
`` I shall call your father ! !
Telling you '' ! !
And unsheathing the knife she used for curing hides she stepped away from the lodge , holding the knife at her side .
`` You bring only wickedness '' , she said and it was not to a child any longer but to another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal .
I will not let your evil in .
Now go '' ! !
The sticks fell like a shower around her and she felt them sting her flesh and send tiny points of pain along her thighs .
But she did not move , taking the words and the sticks in that old defiance of her extreme youth until suddenly Pile of Clouds came howling among them , swinging a great bullhide whip .
`` Go back to your lodges '' ! !
`` A pack of dogs makes less noise '' ! !
He made the long whip sing and snap around their heads so that they ran screaming , some tripping over themselves in their flight .
`` Get into your hovel '' ! !
I will be the one to confront my daughter , not the wife of him who leads her to sin '' ! !
`` What worrisome thing happens ? ?
She said , `` There is nothing that concerns you here .
Lie back and go to sleep .
But do not dream .
Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain '' .
He sank back , sighing , and was soon asleep again .
And , shoving her against a spruce , her back to him , he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air , shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked , settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged , as dark and motionless as ever , her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face .
They all know your foolish name '' ! !
The sounds of an animal in rage and despair .
Move from the line or I will settle the whip on you .
Turning , the girl saw Dookiyoon standing between , his narrow shoulders unbent , his arms hanging long and resigned .
He shouted like a hoarse old mastiff , his hair stiff and bristling .
Now they moved , rubbing their flesh alive again , disdaining the gloom they saw in the faces around them .
It was they who held the future in their hands .
Yellow Wolf was there , nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead , in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked .
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices .
At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were in their regalia .
They combed their hair and streaked it at the part and greased the bangs so that the hair above their foreheads stood rigid like the tails of sage hens making love .
even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs .
He and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young men .
They would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the people see their arrogance .
And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood , shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts .
The ,
young chief stared at the wall of his lodge , , listening .
The sound rose on the other side of the hills , vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad , disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas , horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell .
Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them .
They leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted , ejaculated their grotesque cry of war .
She was moving through a screen of hemlocks , in among the white birch and maples .
and she walked easily now , and more slowly , until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her .
She smiled , and expertly let herself downward , holding this known root or that , her sneakers sliding in the leaves .
This was her place .
The hour couldn't change it .
I wish I were older or younger , Julia Bentley thought .
George Rawlings remembered seeing the door open sometime during the night -- Millie , in a white robe , standing like a ghost at the threshold .
She had vanished ; ;
but of course the impossible effort of leaving would have to be made on this Monday morning .
He would not be indebted to Sam ! !
He was walking across to the bathroom .
A fearful pain had come from his head , as if the water were coursing up through the blood vessels and expanding them .
The fabric was dark ; ;
the stains weren't too apparent ; ;
and there were his shoes , thank God , but his shirt was one terrible mess .
He shivered , and then tore away the blood-soaked parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf .
He was on the verge of tears .
At least Alex had told him he wasn't dying .
What time was it ? ?
He peered at his wristwatch .
Strange , it was still running .
He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces .
He rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door .
This was some freak , two strands of adhesive tape across his nose , like ugly roots from the mass of gauze , suddenly moist over his cheekbones .
He'd have to think , but the main thing , the imperative necessity , was to leave before Sam Bentley was up and about , and before Millie detained him with sympathy .
He entered the hallway .
The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below .
`` Is that you , Father ? ?
`` Well , at least you won't have to do that '' , she was saying .
`` I'm about to leave myself .
`` You're leaving '' ? ?
I just don't want anyone disturbed , Julie .
That's my wish .
Her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight .
She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considerate , and yet perhaps partly scornful .
`` I'll just wait for you here '' .
Julia moved past .
`` I have to say good-bye upstairs .
I won't be long '' .
`` As a great favor , Julie '' , he said , `` please don't mention you've seen me '' .
`` Not to anyone '' ? ?
`` No -- please .
`` I'm fine , Julie .
Please , you just go ahead '' .
He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages .
He could hardly believe he was getting in .
To the manner born -- odd to have such a thought at a time like this ; ;
He could not stop to analyze .
He had never felt particularly close to her .
`` I wish I did '' , he responded .
`` I wish I wasn't wearing this ridiculous costume , and that we could go to a theater together , or a nice restaurant , forget we knew '' He stopped speaking .
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace .
`` Does it '' ? ?
He asked .
But sometimes life can be rather a disappointing business '' .
He could see the stone building where he lived .
Abruptly he reached into his pocket .
She asked him .
`` Yes , Julie dear .
as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it .
Someone shouted at him , `` Well ! !
Will you look at George Rawlings ! !
His bandages seemed on fire .
Just one or two swallows , he told himself , enough to lessen some of the pain .
He was telephoning .
No , please -- no visit today -- I'll be asleep .
Yes , sure , I'll see the doctor -- this evening , if you insist .
There was one more call to make .
`` Joan , did I wake you '' ? ?
Look , sweetheart , some fool was .
I won't be in town for a couple of days , though , and there's that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon .
But I thought maybe Tony Elliott could pinch-hit for me .
No , darling I'd rather you didn't come out '' .
`` Don't even send flowers .
I'll bribe you with a nice '' -- He was about to say `` double martini '' but thought better of it .
`` I'll take you out to dinner .
Okay ? ?
''
She was a clever girl , a most efficient secretary .
In the office you might have thought them only casual friends ; ;
It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers , of course ; ;
she knew that .
She's a year older than I am , Lucy told herself .
`` I love you .
Upstairs , busy feet , showering like raindrops , pattered around her room .
Susan would be visiting her grandmother for only a few days , but even at seven she was a prudent soul ; ;
Jim's fine young face was an expressive one , too ; ;
`` Myra wanted me to thank you for taking Cathy .
It'll be only a couple of weeks before she finds a home for them in Paris -- but even so , she wants you to know that she's awfully grateful '' .
Myra appreciated nothing .
Jim had put the thanks in his sister's mouth .
And will it be only a couple of weeks ? ?
Remember what happened the last time '' ? ?
`` That was an awfully long two weeks '' .
`` You've got to admit she was smart to scare up this fine government job over there -- she'll get a home for herself and Cathy in no time .
`` It depends on the widow '' .
It seemed to Lucy that all their married life , she and Jim had been doing nothing but rescue his sister from the constant crises that were her way of life .
Remembering that succession of disasters , she now considered Cathy , an ominous child-cloud on her horizon .
It was not that she disliked Cathy .
But Cathy was Myra's responsibility , not hers .
`` I wouldn't even be surprised '' , she said unhappily , `` if Myra tried to leave her with us forever '' .
Myra loved big cities ; ;
`` That's a horrible thing to accuse her of '' ! !
Jim was so indignant it was obvious that no matter what he said , he too had seen the looming specter of a forever-Cathy .
He went to the foot of the stairs and shouted up , fiercely , `` Susan ! !
Their arms around each other , they had been talking of the present and the future ; ;
Myra , with her news , was on the other end of the line .
Jim turned back from the stairway and looked at her .
His dark brows , which had been lowered in anger , smoothed .
`` There isn't a chance of Myra's letting anything like that happen .
Let's stay friends '' .
Susan looked like an overwhelmed baby nurse ; ;
Jim said .
His voice had sharp edges , as though he knew very well Lucy and he were not friends at the moment .
`` All that junk '' ? ?
Susan stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief ; ;
`` Now , now '' , Lucy said , approaching Susan with a handkerchief , mopping skillfully .
She gave Jim a quick , shape-up look of warning .
Nice '' ? ?
`` No '' , Susan said , grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a Scrooge-like effect .
there ought to be a limit to sharing , too .
the last one had been a Lilliputian war .
The day was brilliant around her -- flower-scented , crisp with breeze -- yet her inner turmoil darkened it .
She was sorry , and angry at herself , because never in their life together had she done that .
She turned and began to walk toward the house .
The handsome bird was solitary ; ;
She had better stay there , Lucy thought ; ;
the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels .
She had a day of things to do ; ;
How long would it be occupied ? ?
She wondered , with a baffled feeling of helplessness .
Many times since his death that memory had worried and troubled her .
When she picked up the receiver , her mother's cheerful voice was there .
`` I just thought I'd let you know .
Myra dropped Cathy this morning , and Jim picked Cathy up and left Susan a few hours ago .
I'd have phoned sooner but I've been busy '' .
`` I can imagine '' ! !
Susan was an active character ; ;
for Mother to be able to call , Susan must be napping now , surrounded by her multitude of dolls .
You could think yourself as grown up as Methuselah , yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic .
`` Subdued .
But Myra was the merriest widow I ever saw '' .
`` I've been fixing up the guest room for Cathy '' .
her mother was forthright ; ;
she was not usually given to mysterious silences .
Was she thinking along the same lines Lucy was -- that it was quite possible Cathy might be left with her for good ? ?
`` You mean once Myra gets to Paris '' ? ?
`` Cathy was in tears , of course , and I heard Myra say , ' Now be good , and at Christmastime I'll send you a wonderful present from Paris ' '' .
Then , if Myra does nothing about fetching her , I'll pack her right back to her mother -- if I have to take her myself '' ! !
`` And that's what I'm going to tell Jim '' .
She's not going to get away with it .
they would have to buy things for her .
His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet , a big , brown , lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers .
)
Here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe .
) He was the first astronaut on the moon , chosen because of his small size and intrepid nature .
Fearless .
A dark bathroom can be pretty scary , and he'd creep back to bed , proud of himself , thinking : Tomorrow , for sure , I'll go down to the rock and keep my promise to Dad .
It happened two weeks ago , the night before his father left on a business trip to South America .
and when he woke up , his father was saying , `` Stop screaming , Quint .
He could remember the feel of his father's big hands , the thump of his father's heart sending out signals -- regular , like radar .
Son .
Look , I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your neck .
He says you're limping more than you need to '' .
Big dumb nut .
`` You just wait , Dad .
Wait and see , Dad '' .
Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint , a head taller , and could lick any boy or girl on the beach .
He called her `` Fatso '' .
`` She's got a nerve '' .
Quint said now to the clouds .
The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades , and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there , bleeding , wedged between the rocks and the waves .
Shivering , he put on his clothes .
And shivering with shame , he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water .
`` Watch it , big shot '' , a hoarse voice yelled back .
She was holding on to his rock with one hand .
She smelled of peppermints .
`` Is '' .
`` Ever hear of squatter's rights '' ? ?
`` Mister Big Britches , aren't you '' ? ?
`` I'm Mark Gordon Peters the Fifth .
That's short for Quintus .
Quintus in Latin means '' --
Her cough sounded like cloth ripping .
`` You shouldn't smoke so much '' , he said , unconsciously imitating Victoria's holier-than-thou voice .
`` I don't smoke '' .
She was horrified .
`` Sometimes eleven , fourteen a day '' .
I've got this leg brace '' .
She seemed so unimpressed that he was obliged to roll up his blue jeans so she could see his brace .
`` Dingy-looking '' , was what she said .
`` Because maybe I won't have to wear it always .
She spouted a mouthful of water into the air .
Someone's walking past , you want to stop him , zoooop , snag him around the neck with the crook in your cane .
Hey , will you look at that '' ? ?
`` That's some dog .
What kind '' ? ?
`` Holy mackerel , that's the most unique dog I ever saw '' , she said firmly .
He's been sick lately .
Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes .
I come early in the morning '' .
Same time , early , before the fog burned off , because she didn't like the sun ; ;
it made her blister .
Her name was Sabella , and the strip of seaweed around her neck was an emerald necklace the King gave her as a token of his undying love .
He's got a long beard and picks his teeth with a fork .
My hair is what he's nuts about .
Naturally curly hair runs in my family .
`` Name one , I been there '' .
Camels in Tripoli had harelips .
`` Books are for schnooks '' .
She skipped a piece of water at him and laughed , a funny , hoarse laugh he liked to hear .
Nobody ever appreciated his jokes as much as Sabella .
And `` What time did the Chinaman go to the dentist ? ?
That dog has to go '' .
`` Either that or a veterinarian '' .
`` You can't serve cod and salmon '' .
She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward .
Boy , could she catch ! !
Thank you , Quint '' .
`` You can always tell a real gentleman -- they got a certain je ne say quok '' .
He daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around .
`` Your Daddy's in San Francisco '' , she told them .
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach .
`` Children , we'll have to get organized .
Victoria , I want you to -- ''
Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie wouldn't be scared .
`` Hurry up , we're late '' , he said , noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning , the fog like a rope along the horizon , the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green .
The cave in his stomach hurt .
He'd tell Sabella about the nightmare .
It had started two years ago when he was in an iron lung .
What caused it , he didn't know .
The metal collar gagging his neck ? ?
Sweating so much ? ?
The unbearable weight on his chest ? ?
All of it together meant drowning .
When Bobbie Evans smashed up his car , the Jaguar his wife Linda had given him for his last birthday , and himself quite thoroughly with it , driving back from an afternoon's golf at Oakmont , it seemed to mark the end of a long , miswritten chapter in the social life of the community .
Linda looked remote yet lovely in black , and everyone held his or her breath .
Wasn't John Cooper even more attractive at forty-seven than he had been twenty-five years earlier ? ?
And romantic ? ?
`` Of course , there was nothing you could do , but you still ought to be ashamed of yourself for letting it happen '' , Mousie Chandler said to Linda Stuart .
`` Poor John '' ! !
Linda accepted the reproach , which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of 1936 when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the Allegheny Mountains , and John was surely one of the handsomer and brighter young men around Pittsburgh .
John had claimed her from the stag line , a young man a year out of Dartmouth with skiing crinkles still around his eyes .
You talked about John-and-Linda as an entity .
John-and-Linda were at Longue Vue last night ; ;
John-and-Linda drove to Conneaut in three and a half hours .
It got worse instead of better .
She is frivolous and scatterbrained , but she really isn't shallow '' .
Bobbie and Linda looked magnificent at their wedding .
John was at the church with Edythe .
Mousie said it was because he was too proud to stand pity .
Others thought he couldn't stand seeing Linda , Mrs. Bobbie Evans , still so beautiful , so much in command of everything .
There were less-dramatic reasons too .
It probably wasn't hard for him to keep his nose to the grindstone with nothing but Edythe to come home to .
She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired Linda .
When there was bridge at Edythe's house , the cards shuffled like wet graham crackers and the food probably was wet graham crackers .
Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one .
He was an attentive and generous husband , overgenerous , a lot of people felt , because they knew that money must be a problem to him .
The Coopers saw Bobbie and Linda socially , but no more than was necessary .
Bobbie had been successful , too , though he didn't match John's pace , and after all he didn't need to , with all the Stuart money .
He and Linda settled down to being social leaders , and Linda managed to look a little more beautiful each year .
And then came the hairpin turn , the smashed Jaguar and Linda , mourning alone and lovely .
`` Don't think Linda couldn't have got John back any time , if she'd tried '' , Mousie Gordon , who had been Mousie Chandler , said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le Mont .
`` Now you know she could've , but she isn't that kind of girl .
Poor John '' .
What she felt was a bone-deep loss with a sense of waste to it , not so much sorrow for handsome , ambitious Bobbie , but for the lost years that had been brought into high relief by his death .
She knew what people were thinking ; ;
it was what she had been thinking herself .
It was up to her to save Poor John , dear John , to undo the wrong she had done , but she trembled at the decision as at the brink of a cold stream .
Linda would have to wait , she knew .
But what was a decent six months or so after the more than twenty years gone by ? ?
For Linda knew how to help her husband , not just the Stuart-family contacts but also the little dinners for Reuben Lovejoy .
She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job .
She asked Bobbie .
`` You must have done something , something wrong .
Lord knows I had everything set for you '' .
He was a director of S. & M. and must have been in on the decision .
But jolly old Uncle Donald would tell her no more than that Bobbie had certainly been considered for the job , but there were factors in a large company which outsiders and even some insiders couldn't understand .
He didn't tell her of the long board meeting where Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other .
`` I'm behind John Cooper '' , Mr. Lovejoy said finally .
Bobbie , with Linda behind him , will have plenty of other opportunities .
And also , the money can't mean as much to Bobbie .
`` Bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it ; ;
Most of the directors nodded .
Uncle Donald Murkland found himself nodding agreement too .
After the surprise was over , Linda was almost as pleased as anyone with John's good luck , though she agreed with Bobbie's decision some months later to move to Funk Furnaces .
The job at Funk wasn't particularly better , but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement , since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of Linda's family .
`` Shirley appreciated the chance to make some money .
Such a nice little thing -- lives right in the building '' .
I could get along without that three dollars .
`` You scared me half to death '' , I said shakily .
`` What's wrong '' ? ?
`` Janice , nobody answers at the apartment '' ! !
`` I'm absolutely frantic ! !
That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie '' ! !
But if you're worried you can go home and check '' --
`` I can't leave the party ! !
I was all set for what came next .
`` Janice , could you possibly go over and make sure everything's all right ? ?
`` I can't make it in ten minutes '' -- Wondering , as I said it , why I should make it at all .
Why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie , when her parents didn't care enough to leave a party ? ?
`` Fifteen minutes , then ! !
I'll be glad to pay you '' --
`` I'm -- hard to wake up '' , she faltered .
She didn't look over thirteen .
And Nadine insisted that her sitters be reliable ! !
`` I didn't know it was going to be this late '' ! !
`` Wally's drunk -- I'll get him out of here as soon as I possibly can , but I don't want Shirley to see him like this .
The receiver clicked in my ear .
But then I looked at Shirley and thought that I might as well -- the child needed her sleep , and Heaven knew what kind of a mess it would be , with Wally coming home drunk .
After I looked in at Francie , I went into the living room and waited .
I must have dozed off , because I came to with a start at the sound of voices .
I opened the door , and Wally stumbled in -- fast -- as if Nadine had pushed him .
I had always thought she was so beautiful .
But now she looked ugly .
`` Pack -- and get out '' ! !
He lurched and stumbled to the davenport and sank down on it , and was instantly asleep .
Nadine strode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face .
`` you'd better simmer down '' , I said nervously .
In the state she was in , she could actually kill him ! !
`` How can you be so damn stupid ? ?
All we own is Francie's bedroom set and the televison-record player and we even owe on them .
And we'll be poor and have to live in a grubby little house like yours -- and all because of that '' --
Wally can't go any place at this hour '' --
`` Well then , I'll get out '' -- But she looked uncertain .
She collapsed against me , as if everything inside her snapped .
It was three o'clock before I figured it was all right to go .
`` But Ken got coy and wouldn't make any promises .
And I was plastered and I blew my stack '' --
But she was beyond caring what she said .
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough .
But Chris brightened up like a candle .
`` I'm glad you feel that way , honey .
There is one big way we can help them .
Something I had simply never thought of .
It was incredible -- He gave me an embarrassed , pleading look .
`` I know we'd be pretty crowded .
`` I won't do it '' , I said flatly .
`` Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this ! !
`` That isn't like you , Janice '' , Chris said uncomfortably .
I didn't want to be like that , mean and bitter .
It just seemed as if there was nothing else to do .
The finance company took all their furniture -- and they didn't have a cent to their name .
At least we'll eat , I thought grimly as I put all the food away .
`` You're too lazy to go out and look for another job .
You're just a no-good bum '' ! !
It was a mess , all right .
I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks .
But the two weeks dragged into three , and they were still with us .
Nadine's constant nagging had finally gotten Wally out of bed .
`` You can get something , '' Nadine would snap .
`` You can get a job working in a grocery store , if nothing else '' .
But this was only the middle of July .
I don't really believe in intuition .
But I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes , I knew it was going to be a bad day .
Part of it was the weather , so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital .
For the thousandth time , I wished I'd chosen some nice , nine-to-five , five-days-a-week profession .
Actually , I shouldn't complain , I told myself in the shaving mirror .
At least , we were together and we had Mrs. Hodges , bless her , to look after us -- no mother could be fonder of Gladdy than Mrs. Hodges was .
Growing up without a mother from the time she was three -- it wasn't a good thing for a child , even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been .
But I mustn't start on Alice .
Her first class wasn't until ten , but she always got up to have breakfast with me .
I had a feeling that young Pete Michelson , the most promising intern at Fairview , had something to do with it , too .
She'd been out with Pete the night before and her gay chatter about their date lightened my mood a little .
If she and Pete were really getting serious , I'd have to do some hard thinking .
Two interns and Dick Ishii , the other resident .
Seven is a women's floor and , as it happened , not very busy right then .
I wasn't surprised .
The ward was a small one , four beds , kept reserved for female alcoholics .
The moment I walked in , the whole miserable feeling of the day seemed to focus on the woman in the bed .
But there was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name .
Alice But this woman's name was Rose Bancroft ! !
She looked about sixty , though I recalled that the chart gave her age as forty-four .
Her coarse hair was two-colored -- bleached blonde and its real , dirty gray .
Oh , could it be ? ?
In a low voice , Dick filled us in
Turning toward the patient again , I -- I can't describe what happened to me then , except to say that I felt sick .
`` Hey '' ! !
Her voice was flat and dull .
It was then that I saw what the drawn-back covers revealed .
There were bloodspots on the sheet .
I asked .
`` Your period '' ? ?
She shook her head .
`` Have you spoken to a doctor about it '' ? ?
I told Miss Groggins to move her down the hall where we had an examining table .
It was only a few moments before Miss Groggins had her in the proper position for a vaginal , but I couldn't see anything wrong on gross examination .
That done , I told Miss Groggins to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind .
I was busy the rest of the day .
Late in the afternoon , I was up on Seven again .
`` There's something there , all right .
Class Three , they said .
`` Well '' -- I didn't -- I didn't ever want to see that woman again .
`` All right .
We'll do a D. and C. and get her permission for a hysterectomy .
Maybe it's nothing , maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances '' .
I grimaced in distaste .
We'd been standing right outside Miss Bancroft's door and as I went to turn the knob to enter , I was surprised to find that the door was slightly ajar .
But she seemed to be dozing and in any case , we'd been talking in low tones .
What do you want '' ? ?
`` We'd like you to have a dilatation and curettage .
But we would like your permission to do -- that is , to go further if it proves necessary '' .
Actually , I rather doubt that we'll have to do this .
She smiled , a smile without humor .
This was someone who'd come down in the world , I thought .
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ?
I gaped at her .
She could have found out my first name , of course -- that wouldn't be difficult .
She was watching me intently , a funny little half-smile on her lips .
`` Surprised , baby ? ?
But you haven't changed much , Joe '' .
I knew then , knew with a heart-stopping shock .
`` Alice '' -- I stammered through dry lips .
Think I'm going to make you introduce a drunk as your wife ? ?
I'd found my voice .
She shrugged .
The last thing I remember is a bar in San Diego '' --
Let me outta here ! !
What she'd said was true -- in all these years , she'd never asked for anything from me .
I was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea .
Her dark cool caresses were sweeter than any woman's ; ;
the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic .
I no longer knew how deep I was , somewhere under 230 feet , getting drunker , happier and more contented by the second .
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now .
Only the dive itself had any meaning .
The metal-tasting nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water .
Perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better , love my woman better .
I chuckled aloud , and the mouthpiece fell out .
It was when I packed up what duds I had and went to Paris .
I had a pocketful of money , which was unusual when I was in the army , and the plane would be grounded all night .
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes .
She was eating bread and cheese just as fast as she possibly could , and washing it down with red wine .
I stared .
Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it .
When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill , she came directly to my table and said :
Is your evening free '' ? ?
`` Madame '' , I said with noblesse oblige because of the `` handsome '' -- `` yeah '' .
And so off we went to her apartment .
She was a nymphomaniac , of course , the poor girl .
Now it was nine years later , and it wasn't spring but winter when I returned .
I had part of a bottle of French beer called Panther Pils ( so help me ) , then switched to Tuborg .
After a few hours , Life hadn't showed , and I was crocked .
All that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space .
I read the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer .
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off .
My head was clear , my thinking sober and I was reconciled to this Paris idea as a flop on top of all my others .
A good binge has that kind of therapeutic value .
There was dignity and beauty in the little white flakes falling through the blue night .
She saw me and sat down beside me , three feet away .
Without it she would have been drab and limp .
It gave her the right to sit down beside me , back straight , one hand out on the handle .
I couldn't imagine her without it .
I didn't much care if she were there or not .
After a while she said with sort of an unuttered laugh , `` You have snow in your hair and ears '' .
( I didn't have on a hat .
She was silent for a while , then said , `` Why are you so unhappy '' ? ?
`` I'm not unhappy '' , I lied , staring at the snow .
She was trying to make a hole in my armor , and I didn't want it .
`` Is it a woman '' ? ?
`` Well -- women and unhappiness go together '' , I observed profoundly , adding , `` You can wager your derriere on that '' .
`` Ah , Monsieur , it is not my business to wager it .
She was even more miserable than me .
She asked .
I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes , and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit .
Anyway , I pulled a bottle of Remy Martin out of my topcoat , drew the cork , and passed it to her .
I could see she was shocked .
`` I'm sorry I haven't got a glass '' , I said .
`` Non , non '' , she said , taking the bottle , `` not for that be sorry '' .
Not good looking , but self-confident and wise so that it made her attractive .
Then she said , `` Allons '' , and we got up and went to my hotel without another word .
I decided thirty-five was the best estimate of her age .
She had a funny little scar on her stomach , on the left side .
She looked good , with her short tousled hair and no make-up .
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her .
`` The toothbrush Monsieur '' , he said , presenting it .
I said with round eyes .
I wondered if I ought to go use the new one myself .
Her name was Suzanne , and mine Stephen .
I grunted , sipping .
I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror .
`` All right '' .
I said with enthusiasm at the idea .
`` But not immediately '' .
I put aside my empty cup .
She smiled all the way to her wise , sad eyes , and drained her own .
The cynicism was back in her eyes , a bitter wisdom , and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all .
The sommelier brought the wine first , a magnum instead of the bottle I had ordered .
She would not stop to read them in American Express , as many were doing , sitting on benches or leaning against the walls , but pushed her way out into the street .
She would see them , looking just as they had in the books , and this would make up a part of her delight .
Moreover , nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ) , Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot .
The very night after her father's funeral she had thought , though never admitted to a soul : Now I can go .
There's nothing to stop me now .
So here it was , here was Italy , anyway , and terribly noisy .
Cars , taxis , buses , and motorscooters all went plunging at once down the narrow length of it or swerving perilously around a fountain .
Glad to be alone , Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left .
Something special was going on here just now -- the annual display of azalea plants .
The azaleas were as large as shrubs , and their myriad blooms , many still tight in the bud , ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink , along with many white ones too .
In Rome , all over Europe , she intended to move very slowly indeed .
Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down .
Theresa sat with her letters in her lap , breathing Mediterranean air .
She loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette .
Presently , she picked up the first of the letters .
A few moments later her hands were trembling and her brow had contracted with anxiety and dismay .
And how on earth did I ever get this letter anyway ? ?
She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her .
No return address whatsoever .
, across the envelope , and now Theresa had it , all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope .
Inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness , death , and burial of Cousin Alexander Carraway .
All the fine old stock was dying out , look at the world today .
Theresa had seen him through the right college , into the right fraternity , and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls , safely married to the right sort , however much in the early years of that match his wife , Anne , had not seemed to understand poor George .
Could it just be , Theresa wondered , that Anne had understood only too well , and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull ? ?
As for Cousin Alexander Carraway , the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him ( except his paper knife ) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole Stubblefield family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emma's call -- first Papa , then Mother , then Theresa and George .
He held his long clenched foot in both hands , and this and his contorted face -- he was trying heroically not to cry out -- made him look like a large skinny old monkey .
`` Drop a cold key down his back '' .
`` I just hope this happens to you someday '' , said Cousin Elec , who was not at his best .
Theresa shifted to a new page .
Cousin Emma is alone in that big old house and won't hear to parting from it .
The other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka is populated with -- Miss Edna Whittaker , for example .
A new bathroom would certainly have to be put in .
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best .
''
I really shouldn't have smoked a cigarette so early in the day , thought Theresa , it always makes me sick .
She got up , standing uncertainly for a moment , then moving aside to let go past her , talking , a group of young men .
Yet here they were obviously thought to be handsome , and felt themselves to be so .
Carrozza rides in the park , the Colosseum by moonlight , he specialized .
Was he ever successful , Theresa wondered .
at last , alarm .
She cast about as though looking for a policeman : this really shouldn't be allowed ! !
They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September .
She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display .
You can't keep that kind of information quiet in a town of only 4000-plus .
Just as it has its Susan Dolan , though nobody'd ever bothered to tell me that .
Susan Dolan , that's me .
They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission .
Even if they ever did say anything about people like Lucille Warren , I know they wouldn't have dreamed of saying it in front of me .
`` Look , Sue baby '' , he'd said .
Much as I love you -- well , a guy's a guy and Lucille's willing to -- to come across .
I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of Lucille Warren .
But it didn't seem fair .
He had an easy masculine grace about him , the kind that kids don't have , but that I had sometimes admired in other older men .
His smile was quick , and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp .
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine .
And now Lucille Warren had gotten a look at him .
But what could I do ? ?
A man had to have his release -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and I wasn't providing it for Johnnie .
Neither was his wife .
But by the time the first crackling of spring came around , we both knew we were hopelessly in love .
`` It's so crazy '' , I told him once .
You know '' .
`` Who drinks far too much '' .
He examined his nails carefully .
`` You wouldn't .
Please ! !
He shrugged noncommittally .
It was all my doing -- his seeing her .
At first , Johnnie hadn't understood -- how could he , not being a religious person like me ? ?
But what had I done , trying to keep us pure ? ?
I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman .
My very first time .
And , though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself , there was in me a growing desire , a sexual awareness , that Johnnie had set in motion , an awareness that no other man had ever triggered .
Always '' .
It was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced .
Johnnie rose on one elbow .
It's never wrong if love is real '' .
I took great comfort from his words , and smiled to myself in the darkness .
Idiot's delight , I later discovered .
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids , and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who , being thirty , brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about .
Of this , I had no doubt .
He'd not only told me so , he'd proved it .
It wasn't Johnnie's fault that he was hopelessly tied down to that frightful woman who did her best to make his life unbearable .
And if I could contribute to that , I'd do it .
The cost didn't matter .
He was plenty attentive , all right , but he behaved like a gentleman , and I figured that , emotionally , I was closer to his age than to my own eighteen and a half .
What could a mere twelve years matter ? ?
And hadn't I rescued him from Lucille Warren ? ?
`` Mmm '' .
A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow .
I had mixed emotions about going .
One of them was a very friendly , lovely fellow named Ronald , a boy about my age with slick , blond hair and dancing blue eyes .
He looked very different from Johnnie -- in fact , he looked sort of like me .
After the meeting , there was going to be a party at someone's house .
I assumed Alma would get me there , but in the confusion of the meeting breaking up , we were separated .
`` Need a pumpkin to get to the party '' ? ?
I couldn't help laughing with him .
Come along with me '' .
But when Johnnie disguised the taste with ginger ale , I enjoyed it .
Of course I enjoyed 'most anything if I did it with Johnnie .
But that was only natural , I decided ; ;
`` I don't see Alma anywhere '' , I said .
`` She's invisible tonight .
C'mon , let's find out where they're keeping the glasses '' .
I drew back .
Not for me '' .
`` Aw , come on '' .
He shrugged .
The kitchen was jammed .
Strange faces , most of them , and I wasn't even sure all of them had come from the League meeting .
Under normal circumstances , he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm , with great appeal for young ladies , old ladies , and dogs .
Today , he looked like an Astronaut who had left his vitamin pills on the bureau and spent six months in space : hollow eyes , hollow cheeks , hollow stomach .
He looked around his little Eden : bureau , bed , table , chair , two-burner stove .
`` You share a refrigerator '' , Mrs. Kirby had said , and somehow , at midnight , after the long drive from New York in pelting rain , that had sounded reasonable .
She had explained it -- something about summer people's eating out and not enough space in the units .
He remembered seeing it last night , when he put away his small store of bachelor-type eatables .
It was still raining , and Mrs. Kirby's cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore , vivid blue and green and magenta .
This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week , when his doctor had prescribed it .
`` Lots of sun , lots of rest .
This is a sleeping capsule .
but Charlie knew what was wrong with him and knew , too , that there was no pill to cure it .
He had caught , too , like an ailment , a confirmed distrust of women .
Once burned -- scalded , really , because Vivian had given him every encouragement -- forever shy .
Meanwhile , he had this miserable cold , and as he leaned against the refrigerator , watching the rain make sandy puddles at his feet , the doctor's prescription for lots of sun seemed like a hollow mockery .
He looked up to see Mrs. Kirby , awesome in a black-and-yellow polka-dotted slicker , bearing down on him .
`` Fine , day after tomorrow '' , she added .
`` I hope so '' , he said .
`` I've got this cold .
`` You've got a peaked look .
Better get in out of the wet '' .
Charlie forbore to mention that the wet was somewhat universal , Peony being less than weatherproof .
All Charlie could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon , a salami sandwich for lunch , and a lonely old age -- if he lived that long .
He leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs. Kirby for her guests : four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins ( At the Seashore , At the Mountains , On the Farm , and In Danger ) and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle , hideously illustrated .
He took a yellow pill , only to choke on it , and went for the salami , only to find something alive in the refrigerator -- something pink and fuzzy .
He scrawled `` Sorry '' across the bottom of the note and then , against his better judgment , added : `` Don't you eat '' ? ?
but on the other hand , he didn't want her swiping his salami .
Take Vivian .
Yes , take Vivian .
He mused aloud .
It was Mrs. Kirby , making her toilsome way along the veranda , laden with a clattery collection of mops , brushes , and pails .
`` What's that you say '' ? ?
`` Oh , nothing .
`` Oh , yes .
She scrutinized him .
`` My , you're peaked .
That pale kind , Charlie thought .
`` I spoke to the fellow next door , too '' , she might say .
Surely there was a better word .
He looked more closely .
Clearly , two damp days with the Bobbsey Twins had done him no good .
The sun , blazing hot as prophesied , was far from kind to Mrs. Kirby's varicolored properties .
When Charlie came up from the beach for his four-o'clock pill , the whole establishment ( gaudy enough when seen through mist and fog ) looked like a floodlit modern painting -- great blocks of dizzy color , punctuated at regular intervals by the glaring white of five community refrigerators .
This weekend , he thought , he would look around for some more subdued retreat , with Cape roses , maybe , at the door .
He could not imagine a flower's being brave enough to grow beside Peony , Larkspur , and the rest .
No wonder she was so pale , wearing all those cold clothes .
Not that it was any of her business .
`` It's none of my business '' , said the next note , `` but my Aunt Elsie used to take lemon juice and honey in hot water for a cold , and she lived to be ninety-six .
Why don't you try that '' ? ?
`` I don't have a lemon '' .
She didn't sound like a pale girl .
`` I guess that redhead next to me took your advice .
There were pink bathing suits on blondes , and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits .
He paid little attention to her because she was a redhead and because she was wearing white -- one of those bulky , turtle-neck sweaters .
Finally , in desperation , he opened the refrigerator , filched her hand lotion , and left a note .
Hope you don't mind '' .
`` You're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ?
This was a very warm , sympathetic girl , he decided .
She felt , and said , that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves ; ;
He didn't know what was so tough about Vivian's world , slopping around Nassau with what's-his-name .
She might peel him , once the worst of the agony was over .
`` How's your sunburn now ? ?
The only thing , this lotion has glycerin in it , and that whitens the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tan , you may not want to use it '' .
`` That Mrs. Kirby ! !
Also the canoe '' .
Eddie Lee , Riverside's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him .
Eddie caught up with the ball near the fence and threw it to Phil .
`` Third ! !
Third base '' ! !
Eddie shouted .
He came into the bag with his body and Mike Deegan brought the ball down full in his face .
`` You bastard '' ! !
The Anniston catcher screamed .
When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout .
Phil Rossoff , coming in from left field , stopped at the water fountain for a drink .
He was eyeing the Anniston catcher warming up his pitcher before the inning began .
The Anniston catcher did not reply with words .
This so infuriated Deegan that he spun around and said : `` I'll get that little bastard .
Phil Rossoff said : `` Why don't you leave him alone '' ? ?
`` Mind your own goddamn business '' , Mike Deegan said .
Phil shrugged .
He stepped into the dugout , wondering why Deegan was always looking for trouble .
Maybe the answer was in his eyes .
In the last of the sixth inning Mike Deegan got up to bat and hit a fast ball over the left fielder's head .
The left fielder threw and it was a good one .
The Anniston players and their manager ran out on the field .
They poured water over their catcher's face .
Then , quickly , and a little nervously , the doctor ordered a couple of ballplayers to carry the catcher into the dressing room .
When the ballplayers started to carry the catcher off the field he said : `` That ought to teach the sonofabitch '' .
His face was flushed .
`` Stop it , will you ? ?
`` That's what you say '' .
The Anniston manager looked at Eddie Lee .
He turned and went back across the field to his dugout .
He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston .
Deegan fell into the dirt , the ball going over him .
`` Hit the bum '' ! !
Mike was slow getting into the box this time .
`` Listen '' ! !
He shouted to the pitcher .
`` One more and I'm coming out there '' ! !
Mike Deegan pounded the rubber plate with the end of his bat .
He stood flat-footed in the box , but not very close to the plate now .
Deegan dropped , got up , turned and , holding the bat with both hands up against his chest , began to walk slowly out to the mound .
There was much shouting and screaming .
The other players were undressing quietly .
`` Why the hell didn't you come out when you saw them gang up on me '' ? ?
You didn't think it was necessary '' .
`` Nobody else did , either '' .
`` You trying to say I started the fight '' ? ?
And Phil banged his locker door shut and spun around .
`` Phil , come into my office '' , Eddie said .
He sat down before Eddie's desk .
`` I'm doing you a favor '' , Eddie said quickly .
`` You get your unconditional release as of today '' .
`` The best thing for you to do '' , Eddie said , `` is go home .
Phil had to clear his throat .
`` Is this because of what happened out there '' ? ?
`` But it does confirm what I've suspected all along '' .
`` Listen ! !
''
`` Sit down , sit down '' , Eddie said .
I am saying you're not a professional ballplayer '' .
`` Now listen to me , Phil .
I'm not steering you wrong .
Phil shook his head and Eddie frowned .
You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ?
Phil started to say something but Eddie cut him short .
`` Now don't tell me what a good ball player you are .
Dazed , Phil said : `` I don't get it .
My batting average ''
That's what I mean by no heart for the game .
It's a way of life , goddamit ! !
And you've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who wants to take your way of life away from you '' ! !
It's only his opinion .
He stood up slowly .
`` I think you're wrong , Eddie '' , he said finally .
Eddie nodded .
You'll get your pay in the morning '' .
Outside in the dressing room , Frankie Ricco sat on the bench dressed in his street clothes .
`` What happened '' ? ?
Frankie asked .
`` You crazy '' ? ?
`` What for '' ? ?
Phil sighed .
`` I don't get it '' .
They were silent for a few moments .
`` Hell , plenty of guys get let out and come back later .
The leagues are full of guys like that '' .
Phil was very quiet .
`` What are you gonna do , Phil '' ? ?
Phil did not answer .
`` Springfield's in tomorrow '' , Frankie said .
`` Do what '' ? ?
`` Ask Whitey for a job '' .
`` Springfield come in tomorrow '' ? ?
`` I'll speak to Whitey '' .
`` I'll talk to him , all right '' .
`` You'll get a job there .
What else did Eddie have to say '' ? ?
When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas , then Lao-tse , Confucius , Mencius , Suzuki , Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers .
For his birthday , because Richard had seen them in a store and asked for them , his mother bought him the Zend-Avesta and a little image of the Indian god , Acala .
He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled , then went to his room to read .
`` Did you think there were two '' ? ?
Grinned his father .
Although he still didn't speak to anyone , he grew fond of saying , `` The future lies in Asia '' , when the opportunity arose , and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation , they said , for his life in Asian studies .
He was awarded a fellowship to continue his studies in Tokyo and he packed up his clothes , the biwa upon which he had been practicing and his image of Acala , and left to spend a week at home before leaving the country .
She asked him and , laughing , she added , `` I was nervous about buying a book with a title like that , but I knew you'd like it '' .
`` Yes '' , he lied to shorten the conversation , `` I still have it '' .
Richard left America with his clothes , his biwa and his image of Acala and , on the freighter which took him to Japan , he plucked at the biwa , trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard .
He stole from his cabin late that night and crept out into a gusty North Pacific wind and dropped the biwa into the water .
An American student named Charlotte Adams had refused to take notice of his evident aversion to people and had at last succeeded in getting him to talk to her .
In Charlotte , Richard saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which , after a fashion , he envied .
Have you ever been to Ryusenji '' ? ?
`` He wasn't the least bit disturbed by my watching him '' , said Charlotte .
Asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter .
`` I shouldn't have been able to do that '' .
`` Well I was able to do it '' , Charlotte said with no sign of irritation .
`` For a minute , anyhow .
Sam , I thought you knew everything about Tokyo .
`` I've heard about it '' , Samuel Burns said .
`` There's a little place there called Lovers Mound dedicated to Gompachi and Komurasaki '' .
`` There was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' --
`` My God , it was cold today '' , said Samuel Burns .
`` Twenty-two or twenty-three '' .
`` And your golden god '' , said Samuel Burns , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath .
`` But the point is '' , Charlotte said , `` there he was , freezing , naked in a little stream of water at Ryusenji , all in worship of Fudo , the god of fire '' .
Richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to reflect sharp light .
It was true ; ;
The conversation went on but Richard stopped listening .
He had almost given up when he realized that the dropping of his biwa into the icy jowls of the black Pacific was the memory for which he had been searching .
Perhaps he sensed some connection between the incident on the freighter and the ascetic at Ryusenji , he was unable to put it together .
When he at last did go to his room , he couldn't sleep and instead paced up and down before his little image of Acala , thinking first of Charlotte's tale of the man at Ryusenji , then of his biwa and the invisible Pacific waters .
He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool .
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach .
The black Fudo seemed to stare rigidly back at him and Richard's eyes were caught by the Fudo's in fascination , and then Richard was shocked as , all at once , flames shot out from the sharp features of Fudo's face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound , as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it .
Then the flames were gone , the stillness fell upon the severe black face and Richard began to tremble violently .
Suddenly he emptied his pockets of all his coins and dropped them into the box before the seated Fudo and hurried back down both stairways and away from the temple , never looking back .
But the process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he couldn't rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day .
The boy usually was sent out at about that time with the water , and he always dragged an old snow-fence lath or a stick along , to play with .
I almost ran over the snake before I could stop the tractor in time .
I had turned at the corner of the field and I had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth , and I was thinking of the boy and the water anyway , and when I looked again down the furrow , the snake was there .
It lay half in the furrow and half out , and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch .
Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all .
My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again , and its tongue was working very rapidly .
The eyes were clear and black and the slender body was arched slightly .
You are much too beautiful .
I picked him up , and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly , and I could feel the coolness of that radiant , fire-colored body , like splendid ice , and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him , like fieldmice swallowed whole might make .
I lowered him so he would not fall and his body slid out onto the cool , newly-plowed earth , from between my pale hands .
The snake worked away very slowly and delicately and with a gorgeous kind of dignity and beauty , and he carried his head a little above the rolled clods .
It shone in its bright diamond color against the sun-burned stubble and the crumbled black clods of soil and against the paleness of myself .
The color and beauty of it were strange and wonderful and somehow alien , too , in that dry and dusty and uncolored field .
I got on the tractor again and I had to watch the plow closely because the field was drawn across the long hillside and even in that good soil there was a danger of rocks .
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake .
I saw it all at a glance .
Even at that distance , with no sound but the sound of the tractor , I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy .
I could see the hunched-up shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick .
Stop it , I shouted , but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on , above anything I could say .
I felt myself tremble , thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before , and I wanted to run down there and halt , if I could , that frenetic pirouette , catch the boy in the moment of his savagery , and save a glimmer , a remnant , of that which I remembered , but I knew it was already too late .
I drove the tractor on , not looking down there ; ;
I felt the anger mount within me .
He was a beautiful boy , really , with finely-spun blonde hair and a smooth and still effeminate face , and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike , and his eyes were blue .
He waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up , as he would smile on any other day .
`` No , you cannot '' , I said , pushing aside the water jar he offered to me .
`` Yes '' , he said , eagerly , beginning a kind of dance of excitement .
`` I killed a snake ; ;
it was a big one '' .
`` Why did you kill it '' ? ?
`` This snake was very beautiful .
Didn't you see how beautiful it was '' ? ?
Have you ever seen anything like it around here '' ? ?
This snake could not harm anything '' .
`` You killed it because you wanted to kill it , for no other reason '' .
`` Nobody likes snakes '' .
The boy skipped along beside me , and he was contented with what he had done .
The fire of the colors was gone ; ;
there was a contorted ugliness now ; ;
The beautifully-tapered head , so delicate and so cool , had been flattened as if in a vise , and the forked tongue splayed out of the twisted , torn mouth .
The snake was hideous , and I remembered , even then , the cool , bright fire of it only a little while before , and I thought perhaps the boy had always seen it dead and hideous like that , and had not even stopped to see the beauty of it in its life .
I touched it and the coolness , the ice-feeling , was gone , and even then it moved a little , perhaps a tiny spasm of the dead muscles , and I hoped that it was truly dead , so that I would not have to kill it .
I'm sorry , I thought to the snake , for you were beautiful .
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head , not looking at it , to kill it at last , for it could never live .
The boy came around behind me , dragging the stake .
`` It's a big snake , isn't it '' ? ?
He said .
`` Don't you see what you have done '' ? ?
`` It's an ugly , terrible snake '' , he said .
He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes .
I could have slapped the boy .
I wanted to slap his face , to wipe forever the insolence and brutal glee from his mouth , and I decided then , very suddenly , what I would do .
Cady didn't come unglued easily , but this had not been a day of glad tidings .
Cady Partlow lit his pipe with no comfort .
This was it .
His son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life .
He wondered if he had played it wrong .
Besides , Cady Partlow knew he wasn't the old-grad-type .
Look at Pete Alcorn , who hadn't missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years .
Pete's son was rejected .
Cady looked at his own son's scholastic record with pride .
Good solid B average with a sprinkling of A's in math and science .
Imagine his son being that good in science ! !
Mr. Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford .
Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking .
`` In response to your letter , I can in good conscience recommend my son , David , in the field of leadership '' .
He turned back to the typewriter with a little more confidence .
Cady snapped the Venetian blind shut and slammed himself down before the typewriter , rolled in a fresh sheet , and gave his letter the same savage attention he bestowed on a salesman who needed to have the bucket taken off his thick head .
His eyebrow went up in amusement at his soul-searching panic .
He told Hanford his son wanted to go into the field of electronics .
He belonged to a social club , a civic group , little theater , swimming team , and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club .
Yet the whole of Anne was something she had never learned in any college .
She never got on his back .
He could take the advice or leave it .
`` I was just thinking how things have changed .
When I went to college they begged you to come .
Be our guest ! !
My John applied to six colleges before he got in '' .
`` No .
He's president of the rocket club here , you know .
Always messing around with science stuff .
As he drove home through the thinning traffic , Cady felt the unease growing .
So sorry .
So sorry .
He liked her blond hair and the sprinkle of freckles across her nose .
She always could sense the shag end of a woolly day .
I know it is midweek , but it's only eight days before commencement .
Let's forget the rules '' .
Cady , deep in thought , neither heard nor answered .
Carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly , `` Mr. Chairman '' ! !
Of course you can have it '' .
Dave ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else , slowly , methodically and with interest .
`` Don't worry about it , Dave .
Your acceptance will come through '' .
`` Don't be too sure , Dad .
Anne said it wasn't surprising because Charles was antisocial , a lone wolf , and completely one-sided .
Get my old man to bed early .
He looks a little bit frayed '' .
You do seem somewhat tattered '' .
Your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it .
Need any help '' ? ?
Hanford College hasn't decided on Dave's application yet .
They want a letter from me on his motives , interests and leadership .
Here's what I wrote '' .
Cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence .
`` I know you wrote this in a hurry , but , Cady , Dave was only acting president of the student forum for a few days .
That was when half the school was down with flu '' .
`` But he was president '' .
Cady stuck his jaw out .
`` The fact remains he was treasurer '' .
`` And the swimming team .
He was mad about stars at the age of nine .
Geology , You and Dave used his rock collection for the bottom of the fishpond six years ago ! !
`` Music ! !
He hasn't been to a symphony concert all season '' .
`` But he plays bass with Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts '' ! !
`` You mean that rock-and-roll combo ? ?
He's -- he's just there , that's all '' .
He doesn't like to rise and shine .
`` All right .
But I refuse to be brutally honest and mention Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts '' .
Anne laughed and Cady felt the tension loosen its grip on the back of his neck .
`` Maybe I am padding it a bit , Anne '' , he said .
`` But you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college .
He has to have leadership as well as grades '' .
`` Did you know he is advertising his ham-radio equipment for sale this weekend ? ?
`` And what would you say he wants to do ? ?
`` I have talked to him , but you know I've never tried to push him into any profession .
Anne picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild .
But subconsciously you've wanted him to conform to your mold .
You want him to be a leader of men , like you '' .
Cady put the well-worn chip back on his shoulder .
He just hasn't developed them yet .
He never will , Cady .
Not the kind of leadership you mean , working with lots of people .
You can't run a war with ninety-nine generals and one private '' ! !
Cady walked the block to the mailbox , almost ashamed of himself for arguing with Anne .
And once begun , had grown to such monstrous proportions .
But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug .
There was an assertive maleness in his grinning refusal to pick them up .
The smooth curve of her neck , very white against hair which curled against it like petals .
Or against her back , pressed on the column of vertebrae , which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a tulip .
More he could take at leisure .
All Martin thought he needed was time : to what better use could time be put ? ?
He saw later that they had made their marriage too quickly .
Good .
) that he dropped the shorts on the floor .
He smiled to himself , and decided not to mention them till Dolores did .
It was almost too easy .
The rest of the bedroom had been groomed to a superhuman neatness , but in the middle of the carpet lay the disheveled shorts .
They gave the room a strange note of incongruity , like a mole on a beautiful face .
He saw that Dolores intended to wait until the last minute , thinking he would get nervous .
I can be as stubborn as she can , he thought ; ;
He swung around , eyes toward the bedroom , some fifteen feet away .
Dolores stood motionless in the doorway .
He could not cross the living room , brush past her , and bend down to retrieve the shorts .
Bill's hat was deposited in the hall closet .
With the most casual and relaxed manner in the world , Dolores led Anthea to the bedroom .
Martin strained his ears .
All evening Anthea favored him with odd , coy looks .
Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether ? ?
In his head was the echo of those titters with Anthea .
He could even recall the last time he sat there .
The battle had to be fought .
But his resolution hardly seemed to help .
These stray people nearly always insisted on Dolores showing them around the apartment .
It was curious how the different visitors took this .
Others asked .
While he waited in the living room .
Once Martin went along .
Martin would have liked to break the man's neck .
Dolores smiled ; ;
With her eyes Dolores dared him for the truth , ready to begin : It's a little contest --
They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations .
The shorts alone remained .
Six weeks of marriage and I'm using the past tense , he told himself furiously .
Day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself .
Alternately he had periods of hostile defeatism in which he determined sullenly , morosely , to live out his life in this fashion .
Nothing would change , nothing would ever change .
In a frenzy of excitement , he considered his plan .
Beside his shorts , he would place something of hers .
Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story .
Slowly and deliberately she reached down and touched the lace with her fingers , then hesitated for about a second .
Well , Martin thought , That'll save .
He found that he no longer hated Dolores ( he knew how much he had hated her ) , and he was surprised at a resurgence of an affectionate feeling .
`` Good old A-Z '' , Cap said .
Once it was , William thought .
But not any more .
A rush of memory swept him back , and he forgot Cap .
General Hershey's draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsible for his first eminence , but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the second time .
Mr. Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products , a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts , and installed Freddy in an executive position .
Shortly after , Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas .
Gerry began to aid Freddy with her father , prodded , no doubt , by Joan's open contempt for Freddy and William's irritating competency .
Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis' fortune ; ;
They acquired another electronics factory , a specialized ceramics company , an organization that built -- very experimentally -- high-speed research calculators .
At that point William came into the picture .
and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities .
It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind .
Besides that , I'm acquainted more or less with the defense hardware situation through my contacts in the Air Force .
The future of manned aircraft is in doubt , which affects government procurement , and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade -- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes .
Can't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles '' ? ?
If we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides , brandishing their cudgels '' .
Willis laughed .
I'm most grateful to you , so grateful I wish you were my principal aide instead of Freddy '' .
allied to them was Gerry , devoting much time to swaying her father , and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere further .
Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and Freddy became president of the hyphenated combination .
Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value .
Once more Willis summoned William .
Freddy's solution doesn't appeal to me .
In addition to other defects , I'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment .
His recent experience in motor car advertising , a love for cars of themselves , the existence of A-Z's useless Wisconsin set-up , exposure to exciting conceptions of Hamrick's that nobody would buy , and the coincidental recent failure of a respected but out-dated small-car manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to broach it .
He thought the financing , the advertising , the production of new models , the founding of a nationwide chain of dealerships was simply too difficult .
Taking Hamrick with him , William went to Mr. Willis .
He was surprised and dubious , but impressed by the engineer and the report .
`` Your alternative is breathtaking '' , he said , `` and , I'm frank in saying , a bit mad .
Well , I can't resolve this myself .
I can't guarantee you a sympathetic audience '' .
`` We'll be in there swinging '' , William said , `` but in a way , sir , you've got to decide it yourself .
You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and , besides , nobody else is going to have the courage .
`` I should explain : there's more here for me than advocating my little dream , there's you .
You're -- you're Arthur Willis .
`` Thank you '' .
From shock and incredulity , most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity .
Move over , General Motors '' .
`` It's absurd , Bill '' , Freddy said , from a pale face .
`` You're leading Dad down the garden path '' .
`` Your garden , God damn it '' ! !
`` I don't enjoy family quarrels '' , Adam said .
We're here to transact business .
`` Hear me out , please '' , William begged .
`` I'm an advertising hustler , I admit , but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere .
We've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age .
We'll woo the consumer with a product , not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight .
Why not come down smartly in the world , in a chic fashion , with an Allstates-Zenith '' ? ?
He swayed them somewhat , but the debate raged on .
Financing emerged as the main obstacle .
Mr. Willis made it evident that he had contributed his maximum .
`` Nobody will underwrite it , I'm telling you '' , Freddy said .
`` I know what I'm talking about in that department '' .
`` There's plenty of risk money '' , Ham Richert added , `` but not for anything this risky '' .
If we can't raise the capital , we're through .
Why won't you give me a chance '' ? ?
A silence fell .
I'm not giving you a chance , Bill , but availing myself of your generous offer of assistance .
Good luck to you '' .
`` Hello , boss '' , he said , and grinned .
`` I suppose I can never expect to call you ' General ' after that Washington episode '' .
`` I'm afraid not '' .
It was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph of Barco ! !
For it seems that Barco , fancying himself a ladies' man ( and why not , after seven marriages ? ?
) , had listed himself for Mormon Beard roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said : `` With your beard , dear , you ought to be in movies '' ! !
They headed in that direction and , at San Juan Capistrano By-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in , eating a hot tamale .
At the moment , Barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search .
The detectives placed Barco under arrest and , without informing him of the nature of the charge , took him back to Hollywood for questioning .
However while in his cell awaiting trial for theft , Barco , in a fit of apprehension , made an attempt to take his own life .
but the old fellow , a lifelong teetotaler , refused it , and no more was thought of the matter .
It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide .
The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test .
But with Welch's relentless pursuit of the subject , Barco finally `` broke '' and started confessing to one murder after another .
By the time Barco reached the count of three , the situation seemed to Welch almost too good to be true .
But to Welch's chagrin , the police captain pooh-poohed Welch's credulity in Barco's confession .
Barco was clearly a `` nut '' .
`` That worm a murderer ? ?
Then , for the first time since his arrest , a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes .
His manhood had been attacked .
He stiffened and rose to his feet .
He'd show them ! !
`` Is that so '' ? ?
`` Well , for ten years I've been murdering women .
The searching party consisted of the police captain , Welch , Barco , policemen with shovels , newspaper reporters , and cameramen .
He directed the cortege of autos to the sand dunes near Santa Monica .
Orders were given to dig .
Welch was worried .
The police captain chortled .
The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused .
Welch was on edge .
The captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the shovels struck an object .
Now did Welch truly become the man of the hour , and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him .
It was apparent that Welch was in cahoots with Marshall and would use his power as D.A. to drag every possible sensation into the case .
Every new scandal which would provide more `` copy '' for Marshall's pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch .
I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand .
It would be fine publicity for the man who was willing to walk to the mayor's throne over the broken reputation of a helpless girl ! !
I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted .
It wasn't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction .
A dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors -- or , even more serious perhaps , that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap .
One day over a year before , there had been a cocktail party in an apartment of a downtown hotel .
Viola had been urged to attend , by telephone , and not knowing the host or the character of the party , she had gone .
She arrived late and as she entered the party , noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority ; ;
As Viola sat there , a playful impulse overcame her to remove the shoes and socks from the unidentified feet and , as a prank , insert rosebuds between the toes .
He never rested until he discovered who the culprit was , and when he did , he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way .
And here it was ! !
During these first days of the trial I didn't have as much time to commiserate with Viola as I should have liked .
There , Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the Budweisers ( of beer derivation ) , the Chalmers ( of underwear origin ) , and the Heinzes ( whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles ) .
But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` chi-chi '' in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home .
I was saved from making the decision as the phone rang , and the girls were upon me instantly .
Here's a household hint : if you can't find your children , and get tired of calling them , pick up the phone .
No matter if your children are at the movies , in school , visiting their grandmother , or on a field trip in some distant city , they will be upon you magically within seconds after you pick up the phone .
Jennie and Miranda twined themselves around me , murmuring endearments .
Somehow managing to get out a cool , poised , `` Won't you hold on a second , please '' , I covered up the mouthpiece , and with more warmth and less poise , gave a quick lecture on crime and punishment , mostly the latter , including Devil's Island and the remoter reaches of Siberia .
Under the circumstances , I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone , but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening , and how important it was that Hank and I be there .
What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink .
They looked so formidable , however , so demanding , that I found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to woolgather again , this time about Francesca and her husband .
the yellow pages of the telephone book were amazingly thin ) .
Herb , an expert on narrow ties , thin lapels , and swatches , was men's fashion editor of Parvenu , the weekly magazine with the tremendous circulation .
They were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in Parvenu and all other magazines and newspapers , and then they honeymooned in Bermuda .
They had honeymooned in Rome ; ;
everyone was very high on Rome that year .
It had a gourmet's corner ( instead of a kitchen ) , a breakfast room , a luncheon room , a dining room , a sitting room , a room for standing up , a party room , dressing rooms for everybody , even a room for mud .
bright pinks and plaids and vivid stripes .
No one could dislike them , I thought .
It seemed , indeed , that their house was not so much a home , but rather a perfect stage set , and that they were actors who had been handed fat roles in a successful play , and had talent enough to fill the roles competently , with nice understatement .
I wouldn't have wasted time puzzling over this couple were it not for my fear that all the other inhabitants of Catatonia were equally unreal .
Francesca was pleasant and charming , but Blanche was sweet .
Yes , Blanche was very , very sweet -- being in her company was like being drowned in warm , melted marshmallows .
If Blanche had been honest , she would have yelled , slammed at least a couple of doors , and thrown a few little , valueless things .
But dear me , no ; ;
After five minutes with Blanche , one might welcome the astringency of Grazie , who was a sort of Gwen Cafritz to Francesca's Perle Mesta .
Francesca and Grazie were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen , equal bosses , of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched .
She lived in an ultra-modern house whose decoration , appointments , paint , and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring ; ;
I couldn't tell one from the other .
Like Herbert , they were all in communications : radio , television , magazines , and advertising .
One or two were writers of books ; ;
Each had developed a hair-trigger chuckle and the habit of saying `` zounds '' ! !
Could such unadulterated love , for a total stranger , be credited ? ?
'' I thought , and wondered what kind of homesteads such odd pioneers would establish in this suburban frontier ; ;
I sighed , thinking that among other things , people here seemed to be those who would have to cut down if they earned less than $85,000 yearly ; ;
In my estimation , they were people who read Daphne du Maurier , and discussed Kafka ; ;
I made plans for the afternoon -- doing the breakfast and luncheon dishes all at once , making the beds , and then maybe painting the kitchen .
( Sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking : if you can't put garlic in it , put chocolate in it .
Then Jennie closed her eyes , stretched forth her arms , and said : `` Take my hand , Louise ; ;
Needless to say , I was furious at this unparalleled intrusion upon free enterprise .
`` It is as though '' , I said on the historic three-hour , coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought ( following Father Coughlin and pre-empting the Eddie Cantor , Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows ) `` That Man in the White House , like some despot of yore , insisted on reading my diary , raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie ! !
'' My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis .
The savage barbarian hordes of red Russian Communism descended on the Athens that was mighty Metronome , sacking and despoiling with their Bolshevistic battle cry of `` Soak the rich ' ! !
After an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I , who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as Morris' helpless relict , was `` stung '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , hard-come-by savings .
I fought like a tigress but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court ( 1937 ) , Mr. Roosevelt and his `` henchmen '' had done their `` dirty work '' all too well , even going so far as to attempt to `` pack '' the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me .
I was ready , like Portia , to present my own brief .
Albert Einstein was quoted as saying : `` The workings of the woman's mind amaze me '' .
Traitor indeed ! !
I point now with pride to the fact that , long ere the Committee on Un-American Activities , the Minute Women , the Economic Council and other such notable `` watchdog '' organizations were so much as heard of , I was Hollywood's leading bulwark against communism , fighting single-handedly `` creeping socialism '' against such insuperable odds as the Fascio-Communist troops of the NRA , PWA , WPA , CCC and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom F.D.R. employed secretly , through the transparent ruse of regular `` relief '' checks .
Needless to say , my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period .
Such sweeping distractions are hardly conducive to `` Oscar '' winning performances .
Each time Letch `` went up '' in his `` lines '' , I was the one to be patient , helpful and apologetic while he indulged in outbursts of temperament , profanity and abuse , blaming others , going into `` sulks '' and , on more occasions than I care to count , storming off the `` set '' for the rest of the day .
It was I who paid for our little home , the food , the liquor , the servants -- even Letch's bills at his tailor and the Los Angeles Athletic Club .
( But that is another story .
) As for his private monies , they were rapidly dissipated in drinking , gaming and carousing .
More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu .
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband .
Her presence only made Letch more distant and irritable and , in the hurry of buying Chateau Belletch , I had neglected to consider a room for Baby-dear , so there was no place to put her , anyhow .
It almost always works out for the best .
Yet I adored this man , Letch Feeley , why , I cannot say .
With faint heart and a brave smile , I endured his long absences from Chateau Belletch , his coldness , his indifference , his slights and his abuse .
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured .
As Mrs. Letch Feeley , was it any wonder that I , once the social arbiter of Filmdom , was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires , the Coopers , the Gables , the Colmans , the Rathbones , the Taylors , the Thalbergs and such devout , closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys ? ?
Between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together , each less successful , both artistically and commercially , than the one before it .
But in order to keep Letch in the public eye and out of trouble , I wrote in a part especially for him -- that of a dashing ruffian who `` sees the light '' and is saved by the inspiring example of Mother Cabrini .
Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had `` tailor-made '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ?
Did he show the rest of the cast -- numbering four thousand -- the consideration of arriving at the studio punctually -- or even at all ? ?
By the time the film was released we were three million dollars over-spent , war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini .
But it was small consolation .
( An actor must have discipline .
In clothes , Letch simply did not project .
It was a `` potboiler '' made on a `` shoestring '' and not the sort of film I like , as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal .
( I watched it on television late one night last week and it `` stands up '' remarkably well , even twenty years later .
I really loved that boy , and , in a feverish attempt to preserve our marriage and to try to revive the wonderful , wonderful person Letch had once been , I took my troubles to Momma , hoping that her earthy advice would help me .
`` If I could only think of something at the studio , near me , to absorb his boundless energy '' , I said .
`` What is Letch interested in '' ? ?
`` I can't turn the studio into a gambling hell or a saloon '' , I said .
Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it .
It wasn't his fault that these things were so .
His dogs ? ?
Dogs did something to one's ego .
Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference .
Why in the world couldn't he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to ? ?
It worried him , this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day .
He would wake up in the middle of the night and fret about it .
Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? ?
Or was the answer less metaphysical ? ?
Did older people work more slowly ? ?
Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? ?
It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives , while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely , like lizards in the sun , too indolent to blink their eyes .
And then again perhaps the reason why he couldn't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he didn't want to do them .
There was no compulsion behind them .
He looked at the luminous dial of his wrist watch .
It was five minutes after four .
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn .
At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop .
`` There '' , said Mr. Mills .
He didn't even ask the cost of this collection .
After all , if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that .
When he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , Jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car .
He piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall .
How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ?
He sat down on an old box and focused on the problem .
Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget .
He turned his attention to the workbench .
Perhaps that was the first thing to do .
Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench .
Mr. Crombie poked at it gingerly with his foot .
Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on .
He went upstairs to phone Crumb .
To his amazement he reached him .
The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job .
No , he didn't know of any handyman-carpenter .
Mr. Crumb would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night .
If he was sober , which was doubtful , he'd have him get in touch with Mr. Crombie .
Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr. Crombie's life since he moved to Highfield , in spite of the fact that he didn't work very fast or very long at a time , and he didn't like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him .
He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they wasn't nobody with you .
Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty .
Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste .
then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an' I guess we're about through down here '' .
`` By the way '' , said Mr. Blatz , packing his tools into a battered carrier , `` them power tools needs extra voltage .
`` Well '' , he said , `` got your man fixed up nice down there .
Mr. Crombie couldn't remember his saying any such thing .
`` I've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said .
But the discussion was academic .
Richard Brinsley Sheridan said , `` I think the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two '' .
And a witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today , `` Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning '' .
There are many types of ambiguity and many of them have been described by rhetoricians under such names as amphibology , parisology , and other ologies .
One species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition .
Such ambiguous exercises compound confusion by making it worse compounded , and they are sometimes expanded until the cream of the jest sours .
Ambiguity of a non-repetitious kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in .
`` I'm terribly upset '' , she told a girl-friend .
Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician .
`` Mr. Jones , you may recall that we printed last week your denial of having retracted the contradiction of your original statement .
Now would you care to have us say that you were misquoted in regard to it '' ? ?
Similarly , when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion , Lincoln refused to make any further statement .
`` I fear explanations explanatory of things explained '' , he said , leaving the biter bit -- and bitter .
The obscurity of politicians may not always be as innocent as it looks .
`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' .
Replied the Senator .
The `` wooden-leg '' gag of vaudeville , another standby of this sort , had endless variations .
`` There's a man outside with a wooden leg named Smith '' .
`` What's the name of his other leg '' ? ?
When radio came in , it continued the misplaced modifier in its routines as a standard device .
`` I see the girl but I don't see the car with slacks on '' .
In recent years gagwriters have discovered this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline .
Classified ads are also chockfull of misrelated constructions .
Apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese , journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter .
A weekly newspaper reported a local romance : `` and the couple were married last Saturday , thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays '' .
An item in the letters column of a newspaper renewed a subscription , adding : `` I personally enjoy your newspaper as much as my husband '' .
We have complete facilities to accommodate 200 people '' .
The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical .
Strangely enough , this always brought the house down .
It read : `` Shot in the lumbar region '' .
There are many grammatical misconstructions other than dangling modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations .
At the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving .
`` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' .
The puzzled saleslady inquired , `` How large is your house , Madam '' ? ?
This saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department .
When a customer asked for alligator shoes , she said , `` What size is your alligator '' ? ?
`` Oh , I'm so delighted to meet you '' , she gushed .
`` Yes , sir '' , she said , `` is that definite '' ? ?
Where were you '' ? ?
The daughter replied , `` Oh , I had dinner with -- well , you don't know him but he's awfully nice -- and we went to a couple of places -- I don't suppose you've heard of them -- and we finished up at a cute little night club -- I forget the name of it .
Her woolly-minded parent agreed .
`` Of course , dear '' , she said .
`` It's only that I like to know where you go '' .
`` Dearly beloved '' , he preached , `` unless you repent of your sins in a measure , and become converted to a degree , you will , I regret to say , be damned to a more or less extent '' .
This clergyman should have referred to Shakespeare's dictum : `` So-so is a good , very good , very excellent maxim .
A news item described the launching of a ship : `` Completing the ceremony , the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea '' .
`` What are my chances for taking Joe's place '' ? ?
He asked .
The manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite .
She inquired .
`` A blue suit '' , he answered .
She continued .
Another brand of indefinite reference arises out of the use of the double verb .
When a question contains two verbs , the response does not make clear which of them is being answered .
The moonlit night was made for romance , and he had been looking at her soulfully for some time .
Finally he asked , `` Do you object to petting '' ? ?
He thought a moment , then inquired , `` You mean petted '' ? ?
It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' .
Another less ambiguous case read as follows : `` The bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction .
If you are thinking of giving him a berth , be sure to make it a wide one '' .
In the comedy of indefinite reference , it-wit occupies a prominent place because of its frequent occurrence .
Ambiguity arises when the pronoun it carries a twofold reference .
Two friends were talking .
`` I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy '' , I told him , at which he started slightly , and then made us each a stiff drink , with a trembling hand .
Did you go to their funeral '' ? ?
It has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate .
There are even publications called Sick and Mad .
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ;
Do you want to hear the paraphrase '' ? ?
I asked , taking a final gulp of my drink , and handing him the empty glass .
`` Just barely '' , he said , and repeated his paraphrase : `` The time has come '' , the walrus said , `` To speak of manic things , Of shots and shouts , and sealing dooms Of commoners and kings '' .
Moreland fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' .
`` Oh yes , the other day I reread some of Emerson's English Traits , and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany , more than a hundred years ago .
Foreigners this way ' ! !
Moreland asked .
`` It doesn't drown out the dialogue '' , I explained .
`` I am told that in America you have non-books by non-writers , brought out by non-publishers for non-readers .
Is it all non-fiction '' ? ?
`` Speaking of nonism : the other day , in a story about a sit-down demonstration , the Paris Herald Tribune wrote , ' The non-violence became noisier .
And then Eichmann was quoted as saying , in non-English , that Hitler's plan to exterminate the Jews was nonsense '' .
Moreland asked , grimly .
`` Last year your Tennessee Williams told our Dilys Powell , in a television program , that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart .
Like almost everybody else , he confused the heart , both as organ and as symbol , with the disturbed psyche , the deranged glands , and the jumpy central nervous system .
I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky , or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils .
We sat for a while drinking in silence .
When it was worn in the breast , or even on the sleeve , we at least knew where it was '' .
There was a long silence .
It is becoming harder and harder to tell law courts and political arenas from the modern theatre '' .
`` Do you think we need a new Henry James to re-explore the Anglo-American scene '' ? ?
He asked .
`` Or perhaps a new Noel Coward '' ? ?
`` But you must have heard it said that the drawing-room disappeared forever with the somnolent years of James and the antic heyday of Coward .
Borrowing a line from Don Marquis' Mehitabel .
`` Oh , I forgot to say that if one is taken to the funny house in the funny wagon , he is removed to a mental institution in an ambulance .
Recently , by the way , I received a questionnaire in which I was asked whether or not I was non-institutionalized '' .
My host went over and stared out the window at his peacocks ; ;
then he turned to me .
`` Is it true that you believe the other animals are saner than the human species '' ? ?
`` Do you remember the woman in the French Alps who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously ? ?
The sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh '' .
-- if that can be screamed in their language '' .
Moreland demanded .
`` Non-God , no '' , I said .
`` The political and intellectual Left began fighting humor and comedy years ago , because they fear things they do not understand and cannot manage , such as satire and irony , such as humor and comedy .
In his famous meeting with Nixon a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as Ed Wynn .
But , like Caesar , he has only one joke , so far as I can find out .
Why in the name of his non-God doesn't he vary it a bit '' ? ?
`` Such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ' , or ' the falcon to protect the dove ' , or most terribly sharp of all , ' the human being to save humanity ' '' .
Moreland went over to stare at his peacocks again , and then came back and sat down , restively .
In our age of Science and Angst it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer space '' .
It seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species '' .
`` Now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again '' , Moreland protested .
`` Not in the largest sense of the words '' , I said .
`` The other day Arnold Toynbee spoke against the inveterate tendency of our species to believe in the uniqueness of its religions , its ideologies , and its virtually everything else .
Why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it disbelieves in something else ? ?
There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that '' .
He looked so comfortable being straight .
Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' .
That had happened on the day when two other unusual things had occurred .
and they had told their mother about the tumbles .
In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; ;
`` Never mind '' , Arlene had said , after the policeman had left , having pursued the usual unco-operative course of grownups .
`` Never mind .
`` What is it '' ? ?
Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of Arlene .
And when they had got to their little lawn , they had had a most twirlingly magnificent time .
First , Arlene had put them through some rapid somersaults .
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise .
`` Is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal '' ? ?
`` Not the least bit '' , Arlene snapped .
She would sometimes even get a little hard on you , she took you so seriously .
Just long enough to make you feel important .
The children looked at each other and sagged their bottoms down even more comfortably than ever .
Then , Arlene threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful .
They both laughed and winked back .
She made General Burnside's horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down .
Then , she was back on her feet , winking and smiling that enormous smile ( she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling ) .
But they kept on clapping for a long , long time .
It all has something to do with General Burnside and his horse '' .
It was General Burnside's horse running in a circle .
He's old '' .
They had to be told that one .
But it was even funnier after they had been told .
Their father , when he came back from those many business trips , just bumped their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the martinis and put them in the electric icebox .
He was the funniest man .
All they could think of was to run around in circles , kicking their legs out .
It wasn't very funny .
Then , they said General Burnside was going to jump over his horse's head ; ;
That helped a lot .
They also caught on a little bit on how to smile a lot without your lips trembling .
`` Imagine you won't get your allowance if you're caught not smiling -- or smiling with your lips trembling too much '' , Arlene suggested .
`` I'm sorry , Mrs. Minks '' , Arlene said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it .
`` It's perfectly understandable , Arlene '' , my mother said in a friendly way .
`` I suppose you all were playing and forgot '' ? ?
We couldn't help laughing .
`` Arlene's a good girl '' , my uncle remarked to us ; ;
but he said it too soon , for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded .
That tap had a slight bangish quality .
She was biting into a small red radish ; ;
and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing .
Also , she lived in continual fear of finding a white worm curled up in a neat , mean little heap at the white center of the radish .
and she would snatch the finger-held half of the radish out to where she could inspect it .
Later on , the children told her further about somersaulting .
`` But do you know something curious '' ? ?
`` I reached into that funny little pocket that is high up on my dress .
I have no notion why I reached .
I thought for a second .
But I would not pamper myself in that silly way .
I opened the window and threw the radish out '' .
Then , my mother blushed at this small lie ; ;
It was in the air .
He was passing through town and phoned to say hello .
As a result , he was persuaded out to dinner .
As a matter of fact , this happened every four or five months .
Sometimes , he coincided with my father's being at home .
the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment .
The children loathed him , too .
We had just sat down .
`` Tell Mr. Gorboduc what you're doing these days '' , my mother advised the children , ceremonially .
Possibly , the coconut-containing dessert had brought up bitter problems of administration .
`` You don't step on the flowers , do you ? ?
Eh '' ? ?
`` No '' , he said .
Mr. Gorboduc took a swig of his sherry .
But this time she was nervous : she was open .
Mr. Gorboduc was finally in command of his mind again .
He asked .
`` We grind , too '' , he said .
`` Say that again '' , she pleaded .
She laughed a little and tossed the dregs rakishly around in her glass .
She could see that Mr. Gorboduc was intrigued ; ;
the hostess in her took over .
She was rollickingly happy .
Mr. Gorboduc looked down .
He was very funny about the whole thing .
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome .
Marcellus , the hero , is beset from all sides by the problems of approaching manhood .
The story opens on the eve of his fifty-third birthday , as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to follow .
Suddenly , a messenger arrives and , just before collapsing dead at his feet , informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia , the home province of his affianced .
He at once cancels the celebrations and , buckling on his scimitar , stumbles blindly from the house , where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart .
The Albany Civic Opera's presentation of Spumoni's immortal Il Sevigli del Spegititgninino , with guest contralto Hattie Sforzt .
An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of `` Hubba hubba '' and `` Yalagaloo pip pip '' ! !
Old Order , acted and atonally sung by Grunnfeu Arapacis , the lovely Serbantian import , then entered and delivered the well-known invocation to the god Phineoppus , whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited by a company of wandering Gorshek priests , symbolizing Love , Lust , Prudence and General Motors , respectively .
Likewise , and equally fascinating , is the news that such unlikely synonyms as `` pratakku '' , `` sweathruna '' , and the tongue-twister `` nnuolapertar-it-vuh-karti-birifw- '' all originated in the same village in Bathar-on-Walli Province and are all used to express sentiments concerning British `` imperialism '' .
As you have doubtless guessed already , the plot is plastered with Freudian , Jungian , and Meinckian theory .
For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was Doris ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) .
In this manner , he seeks to expunge from his own soul the guilt pangs caused by his personal assaults against the English at Dunkirk .
The music of Bini SalFininistas , capital LP Ab63711-r , one of the rare recordings of this titanic , yet unsung , composer .
Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August , 1916 , will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; ;
and it is not unlikely that , even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years , so has the erudite , ingenious SalFininistas passed through his `` purgatory '' of neglect .
For example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds , not skipping , at the same time , even one of the 407 fingerings , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it is to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage .
The latest and , significantly , greatest fruit of this theatrical vine is The , an adaptation of Basho's classic frog-haiku by Roger Entwhistle , a former University of Maryland chemistry instructor .
The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead .
Opera in the Grand Tradition , along with mah-jongg , seems to be staging a well-deserved comeback .
In this country , the two guiding lights are , without doubt , Felix Fing and Anna Pulova .
Miss Pulova has a voice that Maria Callas once described as `` like chipping teeth with a screw driver '' , and her round , opalescent face becomes fascinatingly reflective of the emotions demanded by the role of Rosalie .
Cause of all this commotion : squat , pug-nosed , balding , hopelessly ugly Jean-Pierre Bravado , a Bogartian figure , who plays a sadistic , amoral , philosophic Tasti-Freeze salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico de Mille Rossilini's endlessly provocative film , A Sour Sponge .
We have heard that after seeing Mr. Quasimodo's work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement .
Quasimodo defines his own art as `` the search for what is not there '' .
`` I paint the nothing '' , he said once to Franz Kline and myself , `` the nothing that is behind the something , the inexpressible , unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious , the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever , suspended like a huge balloon , in non-time '' .
In this work , his use of non-color is startling and skillful .
The sweep of space , the delicate counterbalance of the white masses , the over-all completeness and unity , the originality and imagination , all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece .
I asked Quasimodo recently how he accomplished this , and he replied that he had painted his model `` a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas '' , which was his typical tongue-in-cheek way of chiding me for my lack of sensitivity .
Dear Sirs : Let me begin by clearing up any possible misconception in your minds , wherever you are .
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior .
Far from it ; ;
I merely draw an etymological distinction , hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman .
Above all , disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence , to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art , or to shame you into rectitude .
My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict .
Sometime on Saturday evening , August 22nd , while my family and I were dining at the Hostaria dell' Orso , in Rome , you jimmied a window of our home in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , and let yourselves into the premises .
You then descended one story , glommed a television set from the music room -- the only constructive feature of your visit , by the way -- and , returning to the ground floor , entered the master bedroom .
From the curio cabinet on its south wall and the bureaus beneath , you abstracted seventeen ivory , metal , wood , and stone sculptures of Oriental and African origin , two snuffboxes , and a jade-handled magnifying glass .
Rummaging through a stack of drawers nearby , you unearthed an antique French chess set in ivory and sandalwood , which , along with two box Kodaks , you added to your haul .
Then , having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on , you lammed out the front door , considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover .
In time , these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce , riddling you with frambesia , the king's evil , sheep rot , and clonic spasm , until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release .
All this , though , is simply a prelude , a curtain-raiser , for what ensues , and I doubt whether any Occidental could accurately forecast it .
If , however , it would help to intensify your anguish , I can delimit the powers of a few of the divinities you've affronted and describe the punishment they meted out in one analogous instance .
First of all , the six figures of the Buddha you heisted -- four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying Buddha on a teakwood base .
'fess up -- don't you ? ?
Eight or ten years ago , a couple of French hoods stole a priceless Khmer head from the Musee Guimet , in Paris , and a week later crawled into the Salpetriere with unmistakable symptoms of leprosy .
Whether the pair of Sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really possess the juju to turn your livers to lead , as a dealer in Khartoum assured me , I am not competent to say .
Have you ever heard of Thuggee ? ?
Whosoever violates our rooftree , the legend states , can expect maximal sorrow .
The teeth will rain from his mouth like pebbles , his wife will make him cocu with fishmongers , and a trolley car will grow in his stomach .
you're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods , gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like Ubermenschen .
In it was a stone Tibetan Buddha I had picked up in Bombay , and occasionally , to make merit , my wife and I garlanded it with flowers or laid a few pennies in its lap .
Our suspicions eventually centered , by the process of elimination , on a grocer's boy , a thoroughly bad hat , who delivered cartons to the people overhead .
I learned , for example , that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet .
His energy was prodigious ; ;
sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us , and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws .
`` No divinity will hold still for that .
Some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps , he told us in a quavering voice -- either an ape specter or Abe Spector , a process-server , we couldn't determine which .
The beautiful , the satisfying part of his disintegration , however , was the masterly way the Buddha polished him off .
Reduced to beggary , he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer .
His hubris , deficiency of taste , and sadism carried him straightaway to the top .
`` See that guy '' ? ?
The operator asked pityingly .
`` I wouldn't be in his shoes for all the rice in China .
There's some kind of a nemesis haunting his footsteps '' .
However one looks at it , therefore , I'd say that your horoscope for this autumn is the reverse of rosy .
you can't very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva .
As you can count on me to do the same .
S. J. Perelman
She was a living doll and no mistake -- the blue-black bang , the wide cheekbones , olive-flushed , that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage , and the mouth whose only fault , in the novelist's carping phrase , was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous .
